# Raw Entries for September 2013

**Total Entries:** 152
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2013-09-06 11:36] eso

Spoke with Katie in QA and she suggested using playtest build to get through the tutorial. Installing that now

---

## [2013-09-06 11:38] eso

I've been assigned a tooltip standardization task. Looking through the docs

---

## [2013-09-06 11:44] eso

Turns out that my public beta key doesnt work when the server is locked, so requested internal beta account and info for installing the appropriate environmentj

---

## [2013-09-06 11:51] eso

recieved internal beta key and install instructions

---

## [2013-09-06 13:13] eso

running playtest build. hoping to get thru tutorial

---

## [2013-09-06 14:15] eso

could not launch playtest build. mentioned to QA. rebooting

---

## [2013-09-06 15:50] eso

after spinning my wheels for a while, no joy. I guess I'll need to wait until the bugfix propogates to the world I can log in to

---

## [2013-09-06 16:48] eso

looking at tooltip layout & comparison in other games.
sketching
attempting install of internal beta
its downloading. will take hours

---

## [2013-09-06 17:24] eso

Chris had mentioned running 2 clients at once.
I'll try doing similar

---

## [2013-09-06 17:29] eso

succeeded in running two clients at once
Interestingly the second client, where I logged in w a different corporate email account isnt exhibiting the tutorial bug thats been gating me

---

## [2013-09-06 17:38] eso

strong urge to start capturing screenshots, but just going to play the game for the rest of the day

---

## [2013-09-06 18:53] eso

I'm in Tamriel now. Escaped Cold Harbor with The Prophet. The scene where we did so was epic!

---

## [2013-09-06 19:16] eso

crashed. unable to recover. probably need to make a new character or see if the build has changed on Monday

---

## [2013-09-09 09:51] eso

running demo to move past tutorial and capture tooltips as I find them.

---

## [2013-09-09 09:52] eso

installed nvidia dds plugin for photoshop

---

## [2013-09-09 09:53] eso

I've been tasked to standardize and cleanup the ability and item tooltips. To do so I ned to view the tooltips in different systems as I find them.
- I will collect them all into a single file so I can view them all at once to see whats missing
- I need to know what font is being used so that I can install it on my system
- I need to know the font metrics that are being used in the game
- I need to get the template being used to design tooltips
- be sure to identify where the tooltip was found



- ask Dan/Andy/Chip to point out the font definitions to me
- get added to list of P4 users by IT
- install Visio
- ask Marc Hudgins to point me to template gfx for tooltips
- identify/categorize usage
- identify where usage is failing or weak
- speak w Chris on how to present my findings and make them actionable

---

## [2013-09-09 10:14] eso

using the character Thea created to inspect the game

---

## [2013-09-09 11:07] eso

spoke w mark to get gx template and font
continuing to study

Abilities
- what are the issues

Items
- what are the issues?

---

## [2013-09-09 11:46] eso

discussion about ability tooltips - how to show progression

matrix
Development client
gary.boodhoo@zenimaxonline.com
Betamax123
environment: Development
New character
success

---

## [2013-09-09 12:01] eso

entered development build successfully. stepping thru tutorial to get to the point where I'm in the game for real

---

## [2013-09-09 12:39] eso

completed tutorial

---

## [2013-09-09 13:08] eso

WHAT IS BREADCRUMBING. Asked Nathan , awaiting response. Something to do with mapping quest objectives i think

---

## [2013-09-09 13:58] eso

back in the game, capturing tooltips

---

## [2013-09-09 14:59] eso

baffled by lockpicking interface

---

## [2013-09-09 15:38] eso

Spoke w Nathan about breadcrumbing. Its like pathfinding from current position to quest locations

---

## [2013-09-09 15:47] eso

As you capture these images be constantly categorizing them. I'm finding tooltips and rules in all kinds of places. Think about how to communicate that information to others

---

## [2013-09-09 15:50] eso

P4 is up an running. I'd spoken with Dan earlier this am and will ask him to show me around the environment

---

## [2013-09-09 16:37] eso

creating another character so I can run 2 clients at once at look at social features

---

## [2013-09-09 16:49] eso

Looks like I've gotta login w a different email address.

---

## [2013-09-09 18:22] eso

succesfully friended myself
looking at trading UI

---

## [2013-09-10 10:12] eso

- need to capture ability syste and progression tooltips
- need to edit, collate and categorize screen captures
	- compare/contrast
	- synthesize
- am I missing any areas?
- what are the presentational issues with existing tooltips
- what are the UX issues with existing tooltips

---

## [2013-09-10 11:23] eso

I'm told the crafting game is being revised by designers and that this is likely to change the tooltip requirements.

What are the the crafting systems? Who owns them? What's changing? Why is it changing?

WEAPONSMITHING
(owner: ???)
	Weapon creation

ARMORSMITHING
(owner: ???)
	Armor creation`

ENCHANTING
(owner: Edward Knapp)
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com:8444/display/Content/Enchanter
	As an enchanter players combine runestones to form glyphs which can be applied to Armor, Weapons or Jewelry to give them magical effects

ALCHEMY
(owner: Lee Ridout)
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com:8444/display/Content/Alchemy+Design+2.0
	As an alchemist players create potions from plants and mushrooms found in the wild

PROVISIONING
(owner: Sam Lewis)
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com:8444/display/Home/Design+Proposal+-+Crafting%3A+Provisioning
	As a provisioner (cook, brewer) the player creates food and drink by learning recipes and gathering ingredients thoughout the world

---

## [2013-09-10 11:52] eso

looking thru console command to level up and view ability tooltips

---

## [2013-09-10 11:56] eso

set skinjester-b level to 20. this increased number of available abilities as well as health/magic/stamina

---

## [2013-09-10 12:09] eso

Mark came by showed me how to enter task into JIRA
TODO: go thru list of user stories in JIRA and link dependent user stories to this task

---

## [2013-09-10 12:12] eso

Not sure how to increase level of a specific skill. need to check w Chris.
TODO: ask Chris how to increase skill levels

---

## [2013-09-10 13:15] eso

Dan showed me how to increase skills by adding XP
)addexp

---

## [2013-09-10 13:34] eso

We'd spoken yesterday about how to show tooltips for abilities, and everyone seemed a bit hung up on having the 'tip show the current ability as well as the stat upgrade for next ability. In looking further at the system, it seems to me that there's no way to show the upgrade stat, because it branches.

---

## [2013-09-10 13:53] eso

TODO-LATER: Read docs for crafting (provisioning, enchanting, alchemy) and speak w the product owners I identified to understand how tooltips can support the new designs

TODO-NOW: finish screen captures for Abilities and start collating the content I've gathered

---

## [2013-09-10 14:47] eso

finished screen capture for now. looking thru the data and organizing it for collation in Visio

ITEM TYPES
	Weapon
	Armor
	Consumable
		Food
		Drink
		Bait
		Potion
		Tool
	Materials
		Ingredient
		Raw Material
		Additive
	Miscellaneous
		Enchantment
		Trophy
		Soul Gem
	Quest Item

ITEM PARAMETERS
	Item name
		- "Halfhide Guards"
	Item type
		- Axe
		- Sword
		- Ingredient
		- Enchantment
		- etc...
	Equip Type (armor)
		- Head
		- Shoulders
		- etc
	Armor Type (armor)
		- Light
		- Medium
		- Heavy
	Binding Type
	(bound items cant be traded to another player or put on the auction house)
		- none (no text signifier shown)
		- "bind on pickup"
		- "bind on equip"
		- "bound"
	Damage Value (weapons)
	Armor Value (armor)
	Item Level
		- shown as red if player level is less than required level
	Sell Value
	Handedness (weapons)
		- 1 handed
		- 2 handed
		- main hand
		- off hand
	On use ability
		- "use: Restore 290 magicka immediately"
	Equippable status
		- Class restriction
		- Tradeskill restriction
		- Race restriction
		- Vendor Trash
		- Unique equipped
			- only one item of this type may be equipped
	Currently Equipped
		- used for comparison between equipped and unequipped items
	Item Set status
		- Set name
		- Number of set items equipped
		- Set bonuses (expressed as magic properties)
	Magic properties
		- stat modifiers
			- "adds 47 health"
			- "increases speed of sprint bt 1% and reduces stamina cost of sprint by 124%"
		- on equip effects
			- "on equip: reduce cost of blocking by 11%"
	Item crafter name (if crafted)
		- "crafted by: Skinjester"
	Item slots???
		- used for gems/enchantments
	Flavor Text
		- "forged in the heart of Mount Doom"


ITEM NAME COLOR CODING
	Vendor Trash
	Quest Items
	Items thet grant quests
	Common Tradeskill items
	Rare Trade skill items
	Normal Items
	Magic items
	Artifacts


WHERE ARE TOOLTIPS FOUND?

Player Inventory
Bank Inventory
Guild Bank Inventory
Guild Store
Player Equip Slots
Quickslots
Action Bar (HUD)
Action Bar (Skills Window)
Skills Window
	- Active Abilities
	- Passive Abilities
Purchase Ability Dialog
Morph Ability Dialog
Loot Dialog
Quest Reward Dialog
Crafting Ingredient Inventory
Crafting Selected Ingredient(s)
	- Primary
	- Secondary
	- Additives
Crafting Completed Item Slot
Linked Chat Item
	- tooltip appears as a non-modal dialog
Linked Achievement
	Q: look for doc
	TODO: Dan will provide me w scrpt command to observe feature ingame
Linked Lore Library book
	TODO: right click on Lore Library item, appears in chart
	TODO: observe feature in game
??? Trade Window ???
??? Mail Window ???
	- attach to send
	- attached from reciept
Vendor Inventory
	TODO: look for sub-types
		- siege items
			- Trebuchet
			- Ramp
			- etc
		- mounts
Alliance War
	TODO: jump to Cyrodil
	- look for vendors there
	- give yourself some alliance points

)createitem itemID (req lvl)(quality defID)(quantity)
	GRID
	- item defID
	- quality defID

color coding
	- Dan will send code to read

---

## [2013-09-10 17:12] eso

Dan offered to point out any tooltips that I'm missing in what I've gathered
TODO: review collated tooltip list with Dan

---

## [2013-09-10 17:13] eso

Spoke with James Wells from IT. Need to uninstall dropbox

---

## [2013-09-11 10:09] eso

Time to start capturing my data and observations.
Dan is providing me with list of tooltips in game

---

## [2013-09-11 16:24] eso

discussed UI team's issues with existing tooltips
I'm working in Fireworks to create a tooltip anatomy document
I'm creating a font metrics diagram using the font constant list that Dan provided me with

---

## [2013-09-11 17:42] eso

working on tooltip layout update
Referencing Skyrim harder
I should be able to connect to this machine over VPN from home. If so I will continue there

---

## [2013-09-11 18:14] eso

designing

---

## [2013-09-11 19:55] eso

I'm logged in remotely from home to my zenimax machine over VPN

---

## [2013-09-12 09:54] eso

designing. working on layout system I started yesterday

---

## [2013-09-12 10:51] eso

Edward Knwapp came by asking about tooltips for Traits (he's working on that aspect of the game design). Be sure to include him and the other Crafting system owners (Lee, Sam) into the design work I'm doing at the point where I can communicate examples to them

---

## [2013-09-12 10:54] eso

Keep in mind that your design work needs to be presentable at 1920 x 1080.
TODO: create PDF test file and display it on an HD monitor

---

## [2013-09-12 11:44] eso

not sure what the different meters on some of these tooltips mean. need to ask.
When shown on an Armor item, the bar represents DURABILITY
When shown on a Weapon item, the bar represents CHARGE

Weapons
	- normal items dont have charge, so they dont show a meter
	- magical/legendary/artifact items have charge, so they show a meter

Armor
	- all armor items show a durability meter

---

## [2013-09-12 11:53] eso

running Skyrim to take a look at item tooltips as implemented there

---

## [2013-09-12 13:13] eso

working the design problem. Figuring out how to incorporate Charge & Durability meters

---

## [2013-09-12 14:47] eso

Its evolving
Spoke w Jerrod about the work I'm doing will send him work in progress at end of day (in 3 hrs)

---

## [2013-09-12 14:59] eso

Layout v1 observations:
The clustering of information isnt quite right. Here's what I've done:
Classification
	P2	Item type
	P2	Item binding status
Identification
	P1	Item Name
	P1	Primary Stats
Details
	P2	Additional item details



By comparison, the existing item tooltips in ESO info cluster looks like this:
Classification
	P2	Item type
	P2	Item binding status
Identification
	P1	Item name
Details
	P1	Primary Stats
	P2	Additional item details


By comparison the info clustering for Skyrim looks like this:
Identification
	P1	Item name
Details
	P1	Primary Stats
	P2	Additional item    details

or something along these lines... :)
Next Steps:
- reduce whitespace between primary stats and additional item details
- dont use a double horizontal rule treatment. This is placing too much emphasis on the primary stats
- explore replacing horizontal rule with charge/duration meter
- explore placing duration meter in upper R, while placing binding status underneath item type on left hand side

---

## [2013-09-12 17:20] eso

Layout2 v3.1 seriesa is looking more plausible I think. mot sure if the padding is correct. The clustering feels better

---

## [2013-09-12 17:23] eso

Going to iterate a bit further on v2 series then consolidate Layout 2

---

## [2013-09-12 17:54] eso

I didnt actually send any wip to Jerrod. Didnt feel like I was at a point where I had enough use cases to show. Intend to do so tomorrow. Will be putting several more hours into this design today

---

## [2013-09-12 18:00] eso

TODO:
Additional Use Cases for items:
- need to show armor type
- need to show use case for item set effect list
- need to show on equip effect list
- need to show crafted item ("crafted by: name")
- need to show vendor trash item designation
- need to show flavor text
- need to show consumable item
- need to ask Ed about enchanted items
	- how to show slot designation?

---

## [2013-09-12 18:34] eso

No need to iterate on v2 of layout 2. interesting idea, but breaks the info clustering that's working well in v3

---

## [2013-09-13 10:07] eso

Researching enchanting and set items. Asking Katie from QA

---

## [2013-09-13 10:09] eso

Taking screen captures of tooltips at different screen resolution. Need to speak with nathan today to understand how pixel coordinates are translated to screen coordinates

---

## [2013-09-13 10:32] eso

Katarine from QA helped me out by showing me how to jump to zones. I'm in a QA zone used to test interactions. She also showed me how to use /createitem

Katharine Zenke 10:19 AM
There are two test swords that are part of a set together. Item def numbers 44429 and 44430. Both are for sale at the vendors in zone 24 as well.
Gary Boodhoo 10:23 AM
noob question...
how do I jump to zone 24?
Katharine Zenke 10:24 AM
)jump zone 24
)createitem 44429 1 1 1
Katharine Zenke 10:43 AM
Ok, I believe both of the set items I gave before have enchantments. Otherwise, you can get several examples at once with )awardloottable 200 while your character is at a high level. It gives you an array of armor and weapons that are level appropriate and the high level ones it has should have some enchantments on them

---

## [2013-09-13 10:52] eso

Consider researching the world of TES online using the Elder Scrolls Wiki
http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/

---

## [2013-09-13 10:53] eso

captured tooltips for reference at 1920x1080 and 1680x1050

---

## [2013-09-13 11:41] eso

excellent work demonstrated by the QA Engineering team during their sprint review. Automated systems for checking user flow thru FB, G+, Beta website, etc. Guild creation using bots. Very cool



Enchanters combine RUNESTONES to form GLYPHS which can be applied to ARMOR, WEAPONS, JEWELRY to give them magical EFFECTS

---

## [2013-09-13 13:08] eso

refining font metrics I'm using to match the screenshots I captured. Does it make a significant difference?

---

## [2013-09-13 14:05] eso

The revised font metrics I used do make a difference in that the layout feels more s olid & deliberate. Getting a bit sidetracked right now measuring whitespace metrics. Its important for repeatability damn it.

---

## [2013-09-13 14:18] eso

for the next iteration (Layout v3) setup a grid based on the metrics being uncovered so that placement info can be communicated efficiently to others. Will want to move into photoshop so I can use the grid system there, as regrettably, no one else uses FW

---

## [2013-09-13 14:27] eso

need to confirm timesheet entry on ADP portal
Username:GBoodhoo@ZENIMAX
Password:Four096Xx+
Looks good!

---

## [2013-09-13 14:48] eso

normalized v3.3 layout to conform to a 16px grid. The difference between these versions is arguably slight, but v3.3 is easily repeatable. So there's that...

---

## [2013-09-13 14:50] eso

Moving on to Layout3
Switching to 1920x1080 canvas size

---

## [2013-09-13 16:39] eso

Spoke w Ed about Enchanted Items and Set items

ENCHANTMENTS
	- Only 1 enchantment can be applied to an item

TRAITS
	- new system, just designed, no example in game
	- Only 1 trait can be applied to an item

SETS
	- Existing implementation in game is bafflingly phrased, so fix that
	- A set consistes of several items
	- There is a table of bonuses for completing part of or all of the set
		- its currently conveyed bafflingly in the tooltip, so fix that
	- The bonus table is an effect list with multiple conditions
		- instead of:
			(on Equip)
				- Effect 1
				- Effect 2

		- instead of:
			(on Use)
				- Effect 1

		Its like this:
			(on own 3 of 7 items)
				- Effect 1
			(on own 7 of 7 items)
				- Effect 2

	Example:

		I own 4/7 items in the Archmage Set
		The bonus table is an effect list whose items become active

		Robe of The Arch Mage
		Part of the Arch Mage Set

---

## [2013-09-15 12:52] eso

beginning work session from home. What are today's goals? What would make me happy to bring in to work tomorrow? What would be falsifiable?
- formatted use cases for weapons, armor, apparel, ingredients, abilities

- Communicating your work to others
What are the names of the blocks you are defining?

 Item Type
 Item Bind Status
 Item Name
 Item Primary Stats
 Item Meter
 Item Property
 Set Property
 Effect List
 Item Restriction Status
 Item Enchantment Status

---

## [2013-09-15 15:27] eso

Thinking about enchantments.
 Q: Is it relevant to show "enchanted by: username"
 Q: Is it relevant to show a picture of the glyph that was used to enchant the item
 TODO: Definitely necessary to show replaceable/unreplaceable enchantment signifier

---

## [2013-09-15 16:04] eso

Not really understanding how enchanted items need to be called out. Will ask about that tomorrow. Moving on to set items

---

## [2013-09-15 16:51] eso

Struggling.
 Simplify this shit

 "This item is part the Sanctuary Set, which contains 7 pieces. You own 3 pieces of this set. You get a bonus for having 3 pieces. You get another bonus for having all 7 pieces"


Part of the SANCTUARY set (3/7)
3 pieces:
	Adds 77 health
7 pieces:
	Allies within 10m gain 10% increased effect from healing


 Part of the SANCTUARY set (3/7)
 3/7 	Adds 77 health
 7/7 	Allies within 10m gain 10% increased effect from healing

---

## [2013-09-15 18:53] eso

Finished working out details of set pieces.
Taking a break, then moving on to ingredients

---

## [2013-09-15 19:00] eso

Take a look at how these wireframes appear when inverted

---

## [2013-09-15 21:02] eso

inverted the colors to validate contrast ratio

---

## [2013-09-15 22:52] eso

Added food, ingredients and additive tooltips

---

## [2013-09-16 09:58] eso

adding verbose set item. Then need to speak with Ed about Enchantments & Traits. Also want to have Chris & Mark take a look at this work in progress

---

## [2013-09-16 10:07] eso

After reviewing, organize existing tooltips by type then by use cases to see tooltips that I'm missing


TRAITS
applied to a weapon or armor before being enchanted
1 trait per item

A weapon or an armor
	can have trait
	can have enchantment
	can have set membership


set pieces
	replace "owned" w "equipped"?
	use numerical signifier (3/7)

level requirement:
use "novice", apprentice", "veteran" nomenclature

Shields
-  on equip nomenclature is a bug. dont use that pattern
in Vendor window
Buy:
  owned (currently owned)

---

## [2013-09-16 10:59] eso

spoke w Ed & Chris. They're down with the work in progress. Need to chat w Mark after I specify the metrics explicitly. Then will organize my wok by item type & use case and distribute to design team.

---

## [2013-09-16 11:26] eso

TODO:

- add "crafted by (username)" nomenclature
- signify enchantment nomenclature
- add Traits nomenclature
- add level requirement nomenclature
- add flavor text
- add section that specifies layout metrics
- create seperate 1920 x 1080 page for each item type
	- add use cases for each item type
	- include any relevant screenshots
	- export as PDF for sharing/validation

---

## [2013-09-16 12:57] eso

figured how to jump from zone to zone in the Editor tool

---

## [2013-09-16 14:01] eso

found placeholder icon for enchant status

---

## [2013-09-16 14:10] eso

reading up on Enchanting


DATATYPE REVISION NOTES:

RAW MATERIALS, ADDITIVES< INGREDIENTS
	- don't show Level value (as currently implemented)
	- these have only 1 primary stat (Value)
	- Required crafting rank is always shown



ENCHANTING
	-	Players look for RUNESTONES
	-	Players combine RUNESTONES to form GLYPHS
		-	RUNESTONES look like Hangul Characters
	-	Players apply GLYPHS to ARMOR, WEAPONS, JEWELRY to give 	these items magical effects
	- 	It takes 3 RUNESTONES to form a GLYPH
		-	3 different kinds of RUNESTONES
			-	POTENCY
			-	ESSENCE
			-	ASPECT
				-	STANDARD
				-	FINE
				-	SUPERIOR
				-	ARTIFACT
				-	LEGENDARY

---

## [2013-09-16 16:30] eso

SIEGE WEAPONS
-	Need an example of what these currently look like

yo Brian, can you send me over an example(S)of Siege weapon item types or provide me w instruction on how to generate my own?
Brian Wheeler 4:29 PM
yep
digging that up now
)setalliance 1
then jump: )jump wloc 43 606934 24326 880229 275.14
Mangeth is the siege merchant there which has everything for you
)addalliancepoints <points>

---

## [2013-09-16 22:59] eso

fleshed out details of:
Mount Tooltip
Flavor Text
A couple of "crafted by: username" variations
Enchant status
Trait name

TODO:
Need to get specific trait names
Add Siege tooltip


Item Type	Binding Flag
Item Name
Primary Stats
Item Properties
Conditional Effects...
Item Traits
Enchantment Flag
Set Membership
Set Bonuses
Item Restrictions
Crafted by: username

Trait:
Sharpened
Ornate
Intricate

Q: can trait names be attached to item name as a qualifier?

---

## [2013-09-17 10:10] eso

modifiying layout system to accomodate traits. I think it can be attached to the item name

---

## [2013-09-17 10:29] eso

Wondering if "replaceable enchantment ever neds to be called out at all"

---

## [2013-09-17 10:58] eso

just going to flag wheter an item is permanently enchanted
just going to incorporate trait name into item title

---

## [2013-09-17 11:15] eso

getting close to finalizing design for item tooltips in all the cases I've examined.
TODO:
x create use case for quest items
x create use case for Siege items
x create use case foe Repair Kit (consumable)
x create use case for Flaming oil (consumable)
x figure out how to callout "currently equipped" status



Item Type
	Siege Weapon
Item Name
	Dominion Ballista
Primary Stats
	Toughness: 100000 HP
Item Properties
	Creates a ballista siege weapon whose BOLT causes great damage to structures and enemies

---

## [2013-09-17 14:24] eso

Need to gather up some quest items to take a look at the tooltips

---

## [2013-09-17 16:19] eso

after finishing Quest use case, need to start collecting reference fo ability tooltips. One thing at atime.

---

## [2013-09-17 17:49] eso

Looking into inventory item comparison. There's always a tempation to be verbose with these, and in fact, some do. For our purposes though, minimalism is the key.
- EQUIPPED text doesnt need to be huge, but it needs to be placed so its easily visible and uncluttered
- EQUIPPED text doesnt need further qualifiers (main hand/off hand)
- Ideally, tooltip placement should reflect player equip slot placement for maximum affordance. However it doesnt seem to me that this will be possible given available screen real estate at minimum resolution

---

## [2013-09-17 19:18] eso

chatted w Chris about work in pogress. He's pleased. I'm Not thrilled w my treatment of equipped for item comparison, but not much more I can think of to do. Its fine

---

## [2013-09-17 21:53] eso

looking through tooltips for passive and active abilities

---

## [2013-09-17 23:05] eso

I kept thinking that the abilities I was looking at would keep morphing into new ones and wasted time screwing around trying to make that happen. That is not the case. They only morph once. I need to track an ability as it level ups and then morphs so I get all possible tooltips for that ability. Its also important for the ability section to call out where placement errors are happening

---

## [2013-09-18 10:05] eso

working on presentation of item tooltips for design group to be distributed this afternoon

---

## [2013-09-18 10:12] eso

- verify that I've captured a Recipe tooltip
spoke with Sam and capture dthe required infomation

---

## [2013-09-18 13:23] eso

finished weapons category. moving on to armor category

---

## [2013-09-18 15:09] eso

finished armor category. moving on to consumables,

consumables include:
-	potions
-	food
-	drink
-	recipes
- 	siege items
-	repair kits
-	NPC contracts


Materials
-	raw material
-	ingredients
-	bait
-	additives

Misc
-	Glyphs (enchantments)
-	Soul Gems
- 	Lockpicks

Quest Items


Mounts

---

## [2013-09-18 16:57] eso

completed consumables section.
starting materials section

---

## [2013-09-18 17:32] eso

added recipe to consumables section. Wondering if it needs to show a property?

---

## [2013-09-18 17:33] eso

continuing w Materials section

---

## [2013-09-18 21:42] eso

continuing with Materials section

---

## [2013-09-18 22:08] eso

completed material section. starting Misc section

---

## [2013-09-18 23:33] eso

finished collating raw work
remaining work for presentation:
x	frame anatomy diagram
-	item comparison framing example
x	grammar check

---

## [2013-09-21 01:01] eso

added 1st template for Ability level 0

---

## [2013-09-22 20:10] eso

looking through these ability tooltip templates, the following use cases present themselves:

ACTIVE & ULTIMATE ABILITIES

	ABILITY LOCKED
	-	Unlocked at a higher rank

	ABILITY UNAVAILABLE
	-	Not enough skill points to purchase ability

	ABILITY AVAILABLE
	-	Ability has hasnt been purchased
	-	Skill points available

	ABILITY ACTIVE
	-	Ability is increasing with character level

	ABILITY ACTIVE, MORPH AVAILABLE
	-	Player has a choice to morph ability

	MORPH ABILITY AVAILABLE
	-	Previews the effect of purchasing morph ability

	MORPH ABILITY ACTIVE
	-	Morph aility is increasing with character level


PASSIVE ABILITIES

	ABILITY LOCKED
	-	Unlocked at a higher rank

	ABILITY UNAVAILABLE
	-	Not enough points to purchase ability

	ABILITY ACTIVE
	-	Its active

---

## [2013-09-22 22:06] eso

for presentation layout
- show ability progression use cases
- show revised placement for ability bar tooltip

---

## [2013-09-22 22:41] eso

collating material for presentation

---

## [2013-09-23 00:08] eso

finished collation and layout for presentation
- refine layout for tooltip placement
- convert to PDF
- update item tooltips to match new style

---

## [2013-09-23 08:10] eso

looking over the work I did last night.
- added ability morph preview
- added workflow for prchasing ability morph

---

## [2013-09-23 10:21] eso

distributed ability tooltip styleguide v1. awaiting feedback
TODO:
-	modify item tooltips to reflect horizontal rule styling used for abilities
-	create frame anatomy diagram calling out layout & font metrics
	-	include edge case for when title wraps to 2 lines
-	speak with Nathan about how we can implement the split horizontal rule I established

---

## [2013-09-23 10:56] eso

ABILITY TOOLTIP FEEDBACK
How do you handle AoE(radial) on target? On caster?
How do you handle duration effects? Ticks and pulses?

•	Do we want to go with the bullet list style for our final tooltips?  I guess this is a question for you + Paul + Wynn, since going with a more traditional tooltip written style would require a bunch of time for our writing team.  I bet they are busy.
•	Love calling out the numbers in Bold text.
•	I don’t know if you need to call that it is an “active ability” at the top.  It adds clutter and I feel like it can be assumed.  I would opt only to have that line of text used for “passive ability” but not active.
•	The first tooltip error text should read “unlocked at skill rank   ” rather than “ability rank   ”

Remove "Passive", "Active", "ultimate" nomenclature

---

## [2013-09-23 11:06] eso

updating Passive Ability example

---

## [2013-09-23 11:38] eso

responding to early feedback about ability tooltips.
spoke w Dan about technical considerations

---

## [2013-09-23 13:30] eso

prepared email response to the group addressing an approach to text formatting

---

## [2013-09-23 13:51] eso

spoke w Nick about how to respond to Pauls earlier question.
Will provide Paul w example of tooltip showing the info he's asking about
Need to update ability styleguide

---

## [2013-09-23 14:41] eso

chatted w Nathan about fount rendering, markup and next steps. We are both thinking it would be great to get this prototyped by engineering sooner than later. Naturally engineering is having its concerns and wanting to use systems that have already been built. From chatting with Nathan though, it doesnt seem like anything I'm specifying is out of the question. This, I guess is the part of collaboration where I dont shift my position and seek out support from allies higher up the food chain.

---

## [2013-09-23 15:52] eso

Aoe on target or caster. Use Cases


x	POINT BLANK AREA OF EFFECT.
	An Ability that has a circular effect radius centered on the caster
	x	INFERNO

x	TARGETED AREA OF EFFECT
	Hit target for effect then cause effect in a radius around target
	x	MAGES FURY
	x	METEOR

x	GROUND TARGETED AREA OF EFFECT
	Effect occurs in a targeted area
	x	MAGE LIGHTNING SPLASH
	-	FIRE RUNE
	-	VOLCANIC RUNE

x	FRONTAL CONE AOE
	Effect occurs in a cone in front of the caster
	x	FIERY BREATH


x	FRONTAL AOE
	Effect occurs in a rectangle in front of the caster
	x	BLOCKADE OF FIRE
	-	ENCASE

-	BUFF

---

## [2013-09-23 18:06] eso

have spent quite a bit of time looking for examples of the use cases that Paul brought up this am. Added a page to the style guide titled "Ability Property Examples"/ Probably come up with something more declarative later.

---

## [2013-09-23 18:38] eso

Figured out how to join the Mages Guild after reviewing docs in Confluence than applying some stuff I learned last week. Niiice. Its so that I can inspect Mages Guild abilities you see

---

## [2013-09-23 22:48] eso

collated screenshots of the AoE use cases Paul asked about. Started constructing tooltip examples. Relabeled that section of the styleguide as "Use Cases". Questions about INFERNO. It doesnt specify a range, and yet, it must have a range (radius in which the effect takes place). What is the difference between RANGE and RADIUS?

---

## [2013-09-24 09:49] eso

To keep moving forward, continue adding the identified use cases to the style guide, with ??? where I'm not seeing data. Include screenshots side by side with the templated examples. Also is a priority to create the Frame Anatomy page to specify layout metrics

---

## [2013-09-24 14:13] eso

get rid of the Ability tooltip that has a meter in it.

---

## [2013-09-24 15:55] eso

Sam came by and had a chat with him and Dan. Recipes (and probably other crafted items can have multiple requirements) If a requirement is matched, I dont think it needs to be shown, so I dont think there will ever be a case where we see 2 color coded values next to one another

---

## [2013-09-24 17:44] eso

revised ability style guide, working on frame anatomy layout

---

## [2013-09-25 09:26] eso

in the middle of frame anatomy alyout. Will provide that information to Mark and UI engineering. I want Mark to do visual design based on the layout spec to provide as a visual target.

---

## [2013-09-25 09:27] eso

Preparing Ability Tooltip styleguide for distribution

---

## [2013-09-25 10:24] eso

distributed ability tooltip styleguide v2

---

## [2013-09-25 10:25] eso

For todays technical review, I want to provide layout specifications for the patterns I've established. The so-called Frame Anatomy. Have got a good start on that but need to provide more cases.

---

## [2013-09-25 10:30] eso

WTF. Fine tuned PDF export workflow.. Will re-export later



ABILITY TOOLTIP FEEDBACK v2

ISSUE1
(a) The ability progression experience bar is inconsistent between the mouseover tooltip and the skill line progression. Seeing 2 differently stylized elements that represent the same thing seems weird to me.

(b) we can’t currently do a status bar with double leading edges (the slant on both sides) unless it is center aligned. There are tech limitations which we probably will not have the time left to deal with. If the blue part were centered in the middle that would work, or else it will need to have a slant on just one side or the other.

(c) Some tooltips have the pin line and some have the experience bar. In which cases do I see each?

(d) Does the XP bar go away once the skill is maxed?

	RESPONSE:
		(a) As per the current implementation, The progress meter for an ability tooltip only appears when hovering over the ability bar

		(b) When the skill is maxed, the meter isnt drawn
		(c) I get what this feature is about, but am not enthusiastic about it
			(1) it segments Ultimate/Active Ability tooltips into 2 types (1 drawn next to abilities in the list, the other drawn for abilities on the ability bar)
			(2) the type of tooltip drawn on the ability bar special cases when an ability is maxed, and doesnt draw a progress meter
			(3) As Lee mentioned in his feedback (paraphrasing) the meter on the tooltip reads like it represents "charge" rather than "progression". After all, we use a similar meter to represent charge & durability for items.
		(d) My suggestion is that clicking on an Ability in the Ability bar can refresh the list so that it opens to the section where that ability is contained. This would allow the player to see progression in the context where its already most visible. We'd need to include logic to isolate behavior like this from cases where the player is simply dragging & dropping abilities

		<INCLUDE SIMPLE WIREFRAME SHOWING BEHAVIOR I DESCRIBED>

	ACTION
	-	create wireframe


ISSUE 3
For the frontal cone AoE, Using “Target: Area” seems a bit odd to me, since you don’t actually aim at a specific area as with GTAOE.  I’d suggest either “Target: Cone” or “Arc: 90”

	ACTION
	x	replace with "Target: Cone"

ISSUE 4
The conditional ability tooltip doesn’t strike me as the nicest looking thing in the world, I think because of the wrapped text.  Maybe we could break that into two lines?  Or maybe we could have a generic look for when there are multiple effects with the same duration.

	ACTION
	x	investigate layout possibility

	RESULT
	x	de-ephasized conditional text statement

ISSUE 5
Andrew didnt notice the Passive Ability progression use case because it was listed in the Use Cases section.

	ACTION
	x	copy this asset to the progression section

---

## [2013-09-25 11:45] eso

responding to ability tooltip styleguide feedback. will be redistributing shortly. stay cool :)

---

## [2013-09-25 13:22] eso

working on wireframe for ability bar tooltip behavior

---

## [2013-09-25 13:37] eso

decided against creating wireframe of alternate behavior. I'm not fond of the way we're handling this bit of UI but dont feel like I can make a case for an alternate approach without simple interactivity to demonstrate. My main concern with this tooltips is getting them implemented as close to the metrics as I've constructed, so will spend my time on the layout speciication work that I started instead

---

## [2013-09-25 14:04] eso

processing styleguide v3 for distribution

---

## [2013-09-25 16:40] eso

tooltip tech review went well. clealy a lot of opinions on how this design could be realized, however, the design itself wasn't invalidated. I feel like its stood a couple of rounds of revision from multiple perspectives, and has only improved as a result.

TODO:
x	update ability tooltip styleguide get rid of split line treatment
-	update item tooltip styleguide to match decisions made about abilities
	-	replace primary stat text with real data to demonstrate the centering mechanic explicitly
	-	add quickslot specifier text that Chris mentioned
	-	replace meters with standard meter type
	-	add icon to meters specifying charge or duration
		-	use lightning bolt icon for charge
		-	use armor icon for durability

-	provide Marc with PSD files using current metrics so he can provide visual targets for the wireframes I've specified

---

## [2013-09-25 18:21] eso

revised Ability tooltips
working on revising item tooltip layout

---

## [2013-09-26 09:37] eso

revising item tooltiplayout
need to process and distribute revisions to ability tooltips:
-	to working group at tech review yesterday
-	add to confluence

need to ask about armor decay task. ah.. apparently pushed back to post ship. its a global metric that appears in character sheet. reference Guild Wars II for what they do there.

---

## [2013-09-26 10:03] eso

confirm the new "traits" treatment with Ed.
Ask him about requirements for Enchanting and Alchemy

---

## [2013-09-26 10:26] eso

need to do some cleanup on ability styleguide revision, then export and distribute to tech review group

---

## [2013-09-26 13:29] eso

interesting new possibility for item tooltip spacing. looking into it for the next 30 min. If it pans out, will do global revision, otherwise keep on with original metrics

---

## [2013-09-26 13:48] eso

go with the revised metrics. they look solid, and reflect Skyrim more accurately

---

## [2013-09-26 14:54] eso

revised all text to match leading values captured in screenshots

---

## [2013-09-26 15:39] eso

need to think about how to organize the item styleguide a bit further...

I think its probably best to go with what I had before, where each category is examined, even though some of the use cases are shared. This way, nothing is missed.

---

## [2013-09-26 15:44] eso

-	prepare ability styleguide for output
-	item tooltip styleguide should follow same layout conevtions where a 4 x 2 grid is used for each page
-	speak with Ed about requirements for enchanted items
	- what kinds of items
	- what information needs to be conveyed
-	speak with Lee about requirements for Alchemy
	- what kinds of items
	- what information needs to be conveyed

---

## [2013-09-26 18:18] eso

added anatomy diagram to item tooltip style guide. This block diagram can be used to easity test and add cases that emerge

---

## [2013-09-26 22:09] eso

studied placement and alignment of primary stats and distributed my findings

weapons & armor
	simple
	enchanted
	traits
	enchanted with restrictions
	enchanted with conditional effect
	set item
	crafted
consumables
	potion
	food
	recipe
	siege weapon
	tool (no primary stats)
	tool
	contract
materials
	ingredient
	raw material
	additive
	bait
miscellaneous
	enchantment
	soul gem
	mount
quest items

---

