# Raw Entries for October 2013

**Total Entries:** 252
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2013-10-01 10:24] eso

spoke with Lee about Alchemy. Got what I needed. Looking like I need to modify spacing between blocks to accomodate the use cases found in those tooltips.

---

## [2013-10-01 10:33] eso

switch from block spacing of 24px to 28px between list items
maintain block spacing of 40px between sections

---

## [2013-10-01 15:09] eso

Received additional use cases for Materials (boosters) from Paul
x	complete alchemy related tooltips
x	complete enchanting related tooltips
x	add booster tooltips to materials sections (Smithing?)
x	complete provisioning related tooltips

---

## [2013-10-01 19:09] eso

x	complete smithing tooltips
x	complete Misc tooltips
x	complete Quest tooltips
x	complete materials tooltips
x	complete item comparison
x	complete consumable tooltips

---

## [2013-10-01 22:58] eso

getting there...

---

## [2013-10-02 01:34] eso

done

---

## [2013-10-02 09:56] eso

preparing item tooltip styleguide for distribution

---

## [2013-10-02 10:22] eso

need to make some edits
x	ungroup all text objects so they render correctly as PDF
x 	replace weapon and armor primary stat placeholders with actual
x	remove layout comparison page

---

## [2013-10-02 11:40] eso

minor corrections after proofreading

---

## [2013-10-02 13:16] eso

prepared distribution by email to different groups: design, engineering, art, director.
Trying i this way so that the email isnt verbose and can be specifically tailored to recipients. Should also help with collating feedback

---

## [2013-10-02 13:35] eso

sent out styleguide

---

## [2013-10-02 13:50] eso

capturing screenshots for stat page layout

---

## [2013-10-02 15:03] eso

researching backstory for this design

---

## [2013-10-02 16:38] eso

got caught up in providing my opinion and defending my design visa email and photoshop
Havent done anything with that stat page yet. need to move forward and turn off outlook

---

## [2013-10-02 17:46] eso

Thinking. Looking for a pre-existing pattern in the game. A panel opens...


HEALTH
	Health Regen

MAGICKA
	Magicka Regen

STAMINA
	Stamina Regen

ARMOR

DAMAGE
	Critical Hit Chance

SPELL DAMAGE
	Critical Hit Chance

---

## [2013-10-02 18:40] eso

what's the next step? easy to get caught up in research.
-	create wireframe using screencapture  1920 x1080 as reference
-	use that model to explore the possibilities
-	what are the possibilities?

---

## [2013-10-03 09:46] eso

started Axure tutorials last night. I think it will be useful to create scenarios for the upcoming game entry/menu task. Thought about the stats page. I dont think the solution was what we'd casually decided - i.e. a sliding panel that opens to reveal the information. For one thing, the nebulous edges of the frame sorta preclude a "drawer" opening. Or maybe not, my real issue is that there's not a lot of stats to show, so that panel is largely empty, and yet takes up space since its useful to see the derived values.

GOALS
-	Preview/Observe how putting points into Health/Magicka/Stamina affect derived values
-	Make layout better

OBSERVED
they don’t line up in nice columns so I can scan the window for info easily

The bars do a lot to correlate the HUD with the Stats and to increase the presence of the main stats

---

## [2013-10-03 14:06] eso

have deconstructd the existing layout and I sort see why it looks the way it does, but its not really optimal. Sketching alternatives

---

## [2013-10-03 15:17] eso

feeling paralyzed.... just do it. start iterating

---

## [2013-10-03 17:22] eso

something.
working on it

---

## [2013-10-03 18:05] eso

maybe...

---

## [2013-10-03 18:47] eso

current iteration isnt as compact as I thought it might be, but could probably be compacted further
also interested in looking at a tabbed variation of this.

---

## [2013-10-04 09:56] eso

working on getting stats placed then show to Paul, Chris & Marc

---

## [2013-10-04 10:02] eso

TODO:
x	contact the console project programmer (Ryan Woodland) and ask about some basic metrics
	-	screen size (1920 x 1080?)
	-	authoring/development process
	-	who has been working on the project at Iron Galaxy
	-	what challenges have they come across
	-	when can I see existing build

-	share stat page redesign with Paul, Chris & Marc

---

## [2013-10-04 11:01] eso

fucking around with the grid. procrastinating from laying out those stats. get on it man

---

## [2013-10-04 11:24] eso

needs to be wider

---

## [2013-10-04 12:16] eso

offered a ride to Kurt for company meeting today

---

## [2013-10-04 13:52] eso

getting hung up on placement for regen stats... move on to the others. Specifically what does a 2-col layout look like

---

## [2013-10-04 14:18] eso

basic stats layout in 2 columns
frame may be too wide
see what it looks like with narrower frame?
Meter gfx feel like they're losing presence. bigger?

---

## [2013-10-04 14:51] eso

Stepped away and looked at photograph of it on my phone
-	meter gfx bigger?
-	stats feel arbitrarily grouped, rethink
-	figure out where to place regen stats
-	figure out how to msg "overcharge" metric

---

## [2013-10-04 18:14] eso

several iterations later... something?

---

## [2013-10-04 23:10] eso

stat layout is looking solid. need to add iconography for overcharge. It was a brilliant move to change the headers above the meters "Magicka, Health, Stamina" into calls to action "Add Magicka, Add Health, Add Stamina". niiice

---

## [2013-10-05 09:13] eso

thinking about how to convey "overcharge" Its tertiary information at best, just acdded as a system to promote game balance. Intriguingly, although the mechanic actually limits the contribution of a stat to general awesomeness after its been leveled up to a certain point, its being messaged as "a good thing", as in "Hey guys! I'm overcharging my Health ftw!"
- maybe its not a meter, as I'd assumed
- maybe its not an icon, as I'd assumed
- maybe its color coding?
- maybe its font size?
- maybe something really simple, like asterisks before the stat name?

Level 50 character
Health 1130/1130
Magicka 1080/1080
Stamina 1099/1099

---

## [2013-10-05 14:59] eso

stat formatting looking awesome. integrated overcharge messaging

---

## [2013-10-06 09:09] eso

Working through Axure tutorial

---

## [2013-10-06 20:27] eso

worked out alternate layout scheme for item tooltips

---

## [2013-10-07 08:16] eso

looking at ability tooltips. Its easy enough to change the font and keep the existing layout, but is that all that should be done? Skyrim handles this in a much more concise manner, and I'm not sure if that's a useful guide here.

---

## [2013-10-07 08:18] eso

need to prepare gfx example of revised item tooltip and ability tooltip show at art review today in order to get the go ahead to move in this direction


ITEM TOOLTIP FEEDBACK
Dan mentions that we're possibly missing one use case:
	UNIQUENESS
		UNIQUE IN BAG
			can have only have one of these items in your inventory at any time
		UNIQUE EQUIPPED
			can only have one of these items equipped at any time

//
Why does weapon durability have a blue bar but armor has a brown bar? Is this because they should be repaired in different ways? This seems needlessly complicated and removes some of the uniformity between items.
Some of the Edge case items seem very far off from the “skyrim style” tooltips we were going for

	RESOLVED

// Floyd
Can we not do the contracting to the middle thing? I despise it on the health bar and really do not want to see it used anyplace else if it is at all avoidable.

// Lee
Were we not able to get the individual effect name on the potion tool tip?  I believe that will be important to the player and help reinforce when they use reagents with ‘Restore Health’ they get a potion with ‘Restore Health’.

	RESPONSE:
	we can. It was feeling a bit crowded to me, but you make a good point about associating the reagents with the end result. For sake of consistency, we'll want to do similar for vendor potions

	ACTION:
	update potions (crafted and vendor) to use header
	update runestone to use header for "translation"
	do an audit to find other cases where this type of header scheme can be used


// ERIC
I wonder if all of the constraints are still necessary:
-	Does the weapon type need to be in the upper right hand corner? It seems redundant to say “shield” when there’s an icon of a shield and it’s called “buckler of blocking”

-	Instead of saying “bound” in the upper left hand corner we could communicate that differently on the tooltip by adding a different border or icon or text color

-	I realize you lose some amount of clarity doing this but we have a popup message that occurs before you bind it so I don’t think people will have problems pairing the function to this visual language

-	The bonuses from an item set could be listed in your character sheet instead of on the item tooltip

-	I think the current mockups look great, but we could do more to achieve the game’s vision of a modern look

---

## [2013-10-07 10:13] eso

-	get feedback from Paul, Chris, Mark on revised character stat page

---

## [2013-10-07 11:17] eso

character stats feedback is positive

TODO:

STAT PAGE
-	incorporate stat page feedback into design
	x	add spell resist stat
	x	emphasize available attribute points more strongly
	x	add alliance icon to header
	X	use a color coding to signify overcharge



TOOLTIP DESIGN V6
x 	get feedback from Chris, Jerod and Paul on tooltip design v6

ITEM TOOLTIP DESIGN V5
-	add headings (as per Lee's advice) to alchemy tooltip
-	add heading "Translation" to enchanting tooltip

ABILITY TOOLTIP DESIGN V5
-	update Ability tooltip design to use v5 metrics

VISUAL DESIGN
-	prepare tooltip PSD files for Mark using representative use cases from v5
-	prepare layout metrics for engineering using representative cases from v5

NEW TASKS
-	meet w Chris for briefing on Game Menu task

---

## [2013-10-07 11:52] eso

revised v5 tooltip metrics. small tweak

---

## [2013-10-07 14:55] eso

wrestling with placement and sizing of "available attribute points"

---

## [2013-10-07 18:18] eso

Conversation w Paul, Nick, Chris, Dan about stats window. Very positive response from Paul :)
TODO
x	Show overcharge by coloring overcharged values values red
x	Add an icon to overcharged values 9999()
x	convey the amount of overcharge in the UI tooltip
x	Show a case for when there are 0 points available

---

## [2013-10-08 09:45] eso

TODO

-	prepare use cases (items) with v5 metrics for Mark for visual design
-	apply v5 metrics to Ability Tooltips
-	prepare use cases (abilities) with v5 metrics for Mark for visual design
x	prepare character stats window for distribution
x	send character stats window design to Chris, Mark, Paul, Nick
- 	add v5 item tooltips to confluence
-	add v5 ability tooltips to confluence
-	create confluence page for character stats
-	meet with Chris to discuss Game Menu task

---

## [2013-10-08 10:15] eso

Marc pointed out that default canvas for layouts should be set at 1680 x 1050
)forceclientrect 1680 1050

---

## [2013-10-08 10:25] eso

I've been thinking about how to approach the console port of the game. Not hugely impressed by the work Iron Galaxy has done when porting the UI, but greatful that they at least did something falsifiable. Need to come up with strategy for approaching this work.
-	Audit PC UI
	-	Research existing docs on confluence
	-	Collate and document what you're seeing in the game
-	Prototyping using Unity and Xbox game controller

---

## [2013-10-08 11:04] eso

dont apologize. dont qualify anything you say. If you;re communicating your design intent, then it exists for a reason. Leave room for others to ask questions

---

## [2013-10-08 11:14] eso

which use cases do you need to specify for Item tooltips?
x	No primary stats (siege repair kit)
x	Simple
x	Enchanted
x	Traits
x	Restricted Condition
x	Effects List
x	Set item
x	Crafted
x	Flavor Text
x	Recipe
x 	Potion multiple effects
x	Potion single effect
x	Reagent
x	Enchantment
x	Runestone
x	Smithing

---

## [2013-10-08 13:43] eso

working on frame anatomy diagram for Andy (the engineer who will be implementing tooltips)

---

## [2013-10-08 14:47] eso

completed layout soec for simple item tooltip and primary stats. Handed off to Andy

---

## [2013-10-08 15:53] eso

need to pass tooltip design over to Marc so he can figure out what the charge/durability meter looks like

---

## [2013-10-08 17:15] eso

Marc & I worked out some color coding issues for the charge/durability meters. He's going to prepare assets for Andy

---

## [2013-10-08 19:24] eso

moving along with layout spec. Maybe its too detailed. Maybe I could have expressed it more "algorithmically". Maybe...

---

## [2013-10-09 10:00] eso

writing up confluence page for Character Stats

What is it used for?
I go there to add points to my primary attributes (Magicka, Health, Stamina)
	-	I can look at the numeric values of my attributes and observe how they change when I add points to them
	-	I observe a high level overview of my character
		-	Name
		-	Race
		-	Class
		-	Alliance
		-	Title
		-	Attributes
			-	Magicka
			=	Magicka Recovery (combat)
			-	Health
			-	Health Recovery (combat)
			-	Stamina
			-	Stamina Recovery (combat)
			-	Spell Damage
			-	Spell Critical
			-	Spell Resistance
			-	Weapon Damage
			-	Weapon Critical
			-	Armor
		-	My Active mount
		-	Active Effects
		- 	Convey stat "overcharge" (link to stat overcharge doc)


Why do I want an overview of my character?
	-	The high level overview of my character helps me set goals for who I want that character to be and observe how changes to my circumstances affect those goals
	-	At every level there is a soft cap for all major attributes (health, armor, damage, etc.) that limits the effectiveness of single stat "stacking". This feature, called "overcharge" needs to be messaged to players when it happens.

What features does it have
-	add points to attributes from a pool of available points
-	page scrolling behavior allows the page design to maintain a fixed size while presenting an arbitrary amount of information

---

## [2013-10-09 11:41] eso

TODO:
x	create confluence page for stat window
x	finish layout spec docs for item tooltips
x	update alchemy & runestone tooltips in item styleguide
x	reprocess & distribute item tooltip style guide

---

## [2013-10-09 12:40] eso

reprocessing item tooltips v5 for output as JPG. Andy showed me what hes' working on in-game, and its looking OK. Not sure it the item type & status text needs to be 16px instead of 18px. Will check on that later today and make decision

---

## [2013-10-09 13:38] eso

getting there. almost finished with layout specs for item tooltips. Will check in on Andy's progress afterwards

---

## [2013-10-09 14:44] eso

moving on with editing the ability tolltips

---

## [2013-10-09 15:31] eso

finished tech review of Stat Page. Solid design, but a few edits
x	For no points available case, dont show +/- widgets
-	overcharge
	x	just highlight the value, not the label
	x	flip the overcharge icon vertically
	-	work with Nick and Wynn McLaughlin (writer) to come up with a better name than "overcharge"
-	add use cases for UI tooltip messaging

---

## [2013-10-09 17:23] eso

somehow ended up working on an "attenuation" icon, Shouldnt take long. Couple people trying to come up with better nomenclature for the "overcharge" mechanic

---

## [2013-10-09 19:06] eso

updated character stats design based on feedback from tech review

---

## [2013-10-09 19:56] eso

posted updated design to confluence and distributed

---

## [2013-10-10 09:30] eso

need to speak with Chris about this Game Menu task. It looks large, and I dont know anything about it. Where is the spreadsheet that Mark uses to itemize these things?

x	meet w Chris to discuss upcoming Game Menu task
-	update ability tooltips to match v5 styling
-	create layout spec docs for ability tooltips
-	add ability tooltip styleguide to confluence page
-	create item tooltip confluence page

---

## [2013-10-10 09:49] eso

Mark pointed me to the spreadsheet he's using to track tasks. Here's what's assigned to me:
-	Game Menu: List Navigation (General Framework)
-	Game Menu: Other (Addons, etc)
-	Game Menu: Options
-	Game Menu: Credits

---

## [2013-10-10 09:58] eso

Spoke w Chris about Game Menu task. A lot of it has already been done. I need to quantify what's been done and what's needed so that the tasks assigned to me are accurate. Chris will be passing me a data dump shortly. Will also want to speak with Jarod about how he wants to present the credits

---

## [2013-10-10 11:37] eso

its looking like the credits might be a good place to start on this Game Menu task

---

## [2013-10-10 13:09] eso

I got the design requirements I needed for the Game Menu tasks from Chris. Need to complete my work on the ability tooltips before digging in.

---

## [2013-10-10 13:20] eso

thinking about adding icons to stats in ability tooltips

---

## [2013-10-10 15:23] eso

Charles brought up some issues with the stat page. I'm creating rapid clicktru prototypes to explore the problem further

---

## [2013-10-10 16:17] eso

gah. wrestluing with adding stats. its totally non intuitive. But why?

---

## [2013-10-10 16:39] eso

ah crap. missed the bug triage meeting. didnt remember it :(

---

## [2013-10-10 16:40] eso

maybe some progress has been made on the stat page issues that Chip brought up. I need to get this prototype in front of Chip & Chris & Marc.
I changed the behavior of the meter so that, the maximum value it shows is the value you would get if you invested all available points into it. I'm not sure if the +100, etc... numbers I've placed there are relevant

---

## [2013-10-10 17:10] eso

Looking at Excel to see if a stacked bar chart is a reasonable option

---

## [2013-10-10 17:19] eso

ah screw Excel. Thats not the way forward this time

---

## [2013-10-10 19:16] eso

we solved it as a group. Chris thanked me for being able to show quick prototypes. Its strengthens my resolve that creating low fidelity prototypes as tools for thinking is one way to win here.

---

## [2013-10-11 09:18] eso

picking back up on Ability tooltips. Sorta stressed that I'm not yet moving on to my next scheduled task, but this needs doing. I've put too much work in it already to half-ass it now

---

## [2013-10-11 09:43] eso

Game Menu notes from my conversation w Chris:


TASKS (verify after audit)
-	Login flow
-	Keybindings Page
-	Updates for video & audio (check game to see what changes have been made)
-	Gameplay
-	Social
-	Keybindings
-	Credits
-	Incorporate Game Menu options into character select

Design Notes
-	no (ALT) E to exit is necessary on the front end game menu pages (nowhere to exit to)
-	client version and latency information should be added to all screens
-	Should the menu be aligned to the right of the screen?
	-	what would be the benefit of doing so?
-	How can I access Game menu options (see Game Menu confluence page) from Character Select

Contacts:
-	Doug: Marketing Artist
	-	can provide additional reference
-	Brad Derrick: Audio Engineer
	- 	speak with him about audio options called out in Chris' competitive abalysis

Documentation:
-	Chris's nomenclature in his docs:
	-	DD: dropdown
	-	CB: checkbox
	-	SLI: slider

Next steps
-	Review existing documentation
	-	Audit game
	-	Compare what Chris has captured to what's visible in game
	-	Revise Spreadsheet containing menu contents
		-	Verify validity of my findings with Chris

-	Restate Game menu tasks in terms of the layouts that are required
	-	Work with Mark to add to JIRA
	-	Keybindings Page
	-	Updates for video & audio (check game to see what changes have been made)
	-	Gameplay
	-	Social
	-	Keybindings
	-	Credits

---

## [2013-10-11 14:13] eso

continuing to work on Menu schemas (yes, that's what they are)
My goal is to bring these designs into Axure (so they can be used) and to make the clicktrhu prototype my deliverable. Will export pages as needed for art, but definitely not wanting this to be a pixel accurate layout

---

## [2013-10-11 16:03] eso

Its a bit clearer what needs doing re: these Game Menus

---

## [2013-10-11 16:11] eso

Why are you formatting this word doc? Stop

---

## [2013-10-11 16:55] eso

note to self. you sometimes say "because of time remaining...". Time remaining isnt a problem you can solve.. Your job is to create & destroy. Where there's a will there's a way. Its your job to disrupt and inspire. So dont say "because of time remaining"

---

## [2013-10-11 18:55] eso

Finished Schema for in-game menu. I think the others can be derived from that. Need to audit the contents, particularly keybindings

---

## [2013-10-11 22:48] eso

getting started with Axure. The first thing I attempted was typography. While its do-able, the question is, why use Axure at all, when Fireworks can easily do visual design. The answer is that I'm notg doing vidual design. And the prototyping I'm doing needs to be shareable. Meaning that I need to be using system fonts, not Univers. Its a bitter pill, but the reason I'm doing it this way is to focus on functionality and interactivity. This is the nature of the tool, so dont fight it

---

## [2013-10-11 22:57] eso

What components am I seeing on this page?
x	Accordion
x	Scroll Bar
x	Scrolling Panel
x	Text Labels
x	Drop Down List
x 	Check Box
-	Buttons

---

## [2013-10-11 23:43] eso

spent some time looking at other prototyping alternatives. I see a beta version of Axure 7 is avaiulable that seems to allow much richer interactions. But for my purposes at the monent its uneccesary. Spending sometime working through an accordion tutorial to work out the menu system

---

## [2013-10-12 00:25] eso

Was able to get a basic accordion happening with links nested in each branch of the accordion that changed the state of a simple panel component. With further work on this model I could make the panel component change state when I opened the accordion. The next step is to figure out how to place scrolling content inside the panel component

---

## [2013-10-12 22:51] eso

making a scrolling panel within a page seems like it may be pretty trivial after all :)

---

## [2013-10-12 22:53] eso

I am able to make the state of the panel change upon clicking the accordion. Going to try adding conditions so only one level of accordion is open at a time
-	when I click on section 1, section 2 & section3 should close
-	when I click on section 2, section 1 and section 3 should close
-	when I click on section 3, section 1 & section 2 should close

---

## [2013-10-12 23:55] eso

The accordion panels open independently now. wondering if its possible to re-introduce animation

---

## [2013-10-12 23:59] eso

just noticing from a jQuery example, that this style of accordion shouldn't toggle its visibility when an open header is selected. There should be one panel open at all times

---

## [2013-10-13 00:06] eso

uh... animation is going to be a bit tricky because of my limited knowledge and simple setup...

---

## [2013-10-13 00:29] eso

I've created a simple form based on part of the game menu schema into the panel. The widgets are interactive, and the panel scrolls to show content larger than the window I defined.

---

## [2013-10-13 00:31] eso

Assuming I transferred as game menu schemas (pre-game, character select, in-game) to a refined version of this model, what questions can I then ask the model?
-	Are the controls ordered correctly?
-	Are any of the controls dependent on other controls (mutually exclusive or conditional)
-	Are the correct widgets being shown in each context?
-	Tooltips?
-	Reset to Default Settings
-	Simulated login/logout/exit
	-	confirmation dialog on quit
-	Simulated error conditions
	-	invalid login
	-	blocked user
	-	network error

---

## [2013-10-13 16:09] eso

building menu accordion for in-game use case. I'd previously used buttons for each menu ityem. Is there anything wrong or limiting about this approach?

---

## [2013-10-13 17:19] eso

spending time re-formatting the menu schema doc. Wasted time? Possibly, but I feel like I need to be able to provide documentation of my work that others can edit. Not just the prototype

---

## [2013-10-13 18:00] eso

Really getting hung up on formatting in Word. It also seems like it will be easier to collapse categories and move things around in the text editor

---

## [2013-10-13 18:08] eso

Thing is, I do like the formatting and flexibility offered by Word... Just finish up this task then move on to the accordion in the prototype. If that's all I get done today, I'll be OK with it

---

## [2013-10-13 19:24] eso

Finished with this pass of the in-game menu schema. Will need to go back through it to reorganize and consolidate it further, but moving on to Axure to start building the prototype

OPTIONS
	Video
	Audio
	Gameplay
	Social
	Addons
Controls
	Camera
	Keybindings
LOG OUT
EXIT GAME
RESUME GAME

---

## [2013-10-14 08:38] eso

created basic interactions for menu accordion.
TODO:
x	Add submenu items for OPTIONS
x	Add submenu items for CONTROLS
-	Modify layout to approximate visual design
-	Add mouseover states
-	Add mousedown states
-	Create schema for pregame menu
-	Create scheme for character select menu


AGILE
3hrs	Menu Schemas (collate and organize framework for pregame, in-game, character select)
8hrs	Game Menu flow (pregame, character select, in-game)
5hrs	Design:Keybindings UI
5hrs	Design:Chat Channel Color Picker UI
3hrs	Design:Gameplay Options
3hrs	Design:Video Options
3hrs	Design:Social Options
5hrs	Design:Add-Ons
8hrs	Design:Credits

---

## [2013-10-14 11:43] eso

not entirely sure what options are appropriate for the pregame or character select   menus. Faking it for now, can always remove items as needed after reviewing

---

## [2013-10-14 13:57] eso

downloading Axure 7 beta to see if the new features make it more exploitable for my needs, otherwise - what I have is fine

---

## [2013-10-14 14:15] eso

What I'm using is fine. Text conversion to image doesnt look so great

---

## [2013-10-14 14:40] eso

Working on recreating existing Video panel layout. Revised schema to match what I'm seeing in the design

---

## [2013-10-14 16:09] eso

modifying in-game menu schema based on Chris's existing wireframes

---

## [2013-10-14 17:50] eso

creating a slider component

---

## [2013-10-14 18:00] eso

seriously? just use graphics, no need to duplicate that functionality

---

## [2013-10-14 18:32] eso

double checking font metrics to make sure I'm in the ballpark

---

## [2013-10-14 19:22] eso

finished initial layout for video section. haven't yet populated the widgets with data. Would be really cool to get the sliders working if its not too much of a task

Graphics Quality
Particle Density
Shadow Quality
Subsampling Quality
Texture Quality
Water Reflection Quality


Ambient Occlusion
Bloom
Depth of Field
Distortion Effects
God Rays
Grass

---

## [2013-10-14 19:36] eso

one thing that I notice is that when I view the prototype in the browser at full screen, the entire page scrolls, even when the actual content fits vertically on screen. wtf?

---

## [2013-10-14 19:40] eso

fixed page scrolling issue. apparently possible to set max pahe height and width

---

## [2013-10-15 09:28] eso

need to settle on grid layout for content panels

---

## [2013-10-15 09:39] eso

checked with Marc. 18px font is considered body font

---

## [2013-10-15 14:08] eso

Need to make sure that this layout looks OK w bkg image at 1680 x 1050

---

## [2013-10-15 14:15] eso

Revised layout to match larger font treatment. Its fitting poorly into a 1680 x 1050 frame. I need to do a thinner version of this

---

## [2013-10-15 15:06] eso

measuring everything again for 1680 x 1050. Optimizing everything for presentation (which is at 1680 x 1050). Art can figure out any other details of the layout

---

## [2013-10-15 15:52] eso

remeasured. based on a 1680 x 1050 comp. derived 2-col and 3-col grid system. Applying to Axure vieo settings panel

---

## [2013-10-15 16:27] eso

refactored layout. looks ok, but noticing that the full page is scrolling again, rather than staying at a fixed position

---

## [2013-10-15 16:32] eso

tweaked some output settings, sorta fixed it. The page does shift a tint amount

---

## [2013-10-15 16:36] eso

There's too much whitespace between widgets

---

## [2013-10-15 16:38] eso

tightened up whitespace. looks better

---

## [2013-10-15 16:38] eso

TODO
x	Video
x	Audio
-	Gameplay
-	Social
-	Camera
-	Keybindings
IO

---

## [2013-10-15 16:40] eso

There's too much whitespace between sections. Add horizontal rule? Tighten?

---

## [2013-10-15 16:57] eso

looks ok. Arial font is sort of misleading as far as visual density. Moving on to Audio section

---

## [2013-10-15 17:57] eso

modified audio layout. simpler. Trying to come up with a less geeky title for "mute on focus lost"
Mute game when in background
Auto-mute
Auto mute sound when in background

---

## [2013-10-15 19:41] eso

maker slower progress than I thought.
Noticing that a lot of UI settings are scattered throughout gameplay, and if it is possible, would be good to consolidate them into a dedicated Interface Options Section, as so:

OPTIONS
	Video
	Audio
	Gameplay
		Targets
		Loot
		Combat
		Tutorial
	Interface
		Nameplates
		HUD
		Tooltips
	Social

---

## [2013-10-16 09:38] eso

started on Gameplay Panel

---

## [2013-10-16 13:05] eso

reviewed work in progress with Chris this am

---

## [2013-10-16 14:41] eso

the more I look at other games, the less convinced I am that this web-like form-based approach is the cleanest way to display our game options

---

## [2013-10-16 15:01] eso

after finishing the wireframes in the house style, I'm goingto do a layout variation

---

## [2013-10-16 16:17] eso

finished laying out gameplay section after thinking about variations of the layouts I just completed. The system as previously designed feels dated and clunky. I spent way too much time figuring out how to group these widgets, which makes me feel like an end user isnt going to parse them efficiently. I think its possible to streamline these layouts and simplify them overall

---

## [2013-10-16 16:19] eso

cleaning up and normalizing layout metrics for the layouts I created

---

## [2013-10-16 17:29] eso

switching over to ability tooltip cleanup task. Andy is starting implementation and needs direction

---

## [2013-10-16 20:46] eso

getting close to finishing ability tooltip reference

---

## [2013-10-16 21:21] eso

finished ability tooltip reference. moving back to cleaning up my work on game menu
x	video
x	social
x	camera
x	keybindings
x	add-ons
x	audio
x	interface
x	gameplay

---

## [2013-10-17 12:53] eso

revised layout for video definitely looks better and reads more cleanly. Applying same to existing panels

---

## [2013-10-17 14:40] eso

need to think about how I'm conveying on/off toggles. Getting hung up thinking about it, so I've included a placeholder to be edited later. Need to move forward on this

---

## [2013-10-17 15:24] eso

Figured out to do switches in a minimal but meaningful way (with affordances and stacks well) Still need to re-layout existing screens and get to work on new screens

x	video
x	audio
x	interface
x	gameplay

---

## [2013-10-17 17:04] eso

spent some time looking at 1st pass implementation of item tooltips. got sad. collected some screenshots, and started revising frame anatomy to accomodate what I'm seeing in-game

---

## [2013-10-17 18:27] eso

finished applying new layout to existing. need to create layouts for:
x	social
x	camera
-	keybinds
-	add-ons

---

## [2013-10-17 20:13] eso

wondering if those panel headings need to exist?

---

## [2013-10-17 20:19] eso

accidentally overwrote my saved file after delting those headers to see what they look like

---

## [2013-10-17 20:22] eso

Keybindings probably needs its own menu

Camera
Combat
Interaction
Novement
Siege
Targeting
User Interface
DeveloperP

General
	Camera
	Combat
	Interaction
	Movement
	Siege
	Targeting
User Interface
	Dialogs
	In-Game
Developer

---

## [2013-10-17 21:03] eso

going to see if I can get the on/off switches I made to be interactive

---

## [2013-10-18 12:17] eso

I figured out how to create a dynamic panel in a master, which lets me interact with switches

---

## [2013-10-18 12:17] eso

discussed work in progress with Chris.
-	revert to using a Controls top level menu that contains camera & keybinding
-	provide example for design review of lavout v1 as well as layout v2 for A/B testing
-	hook up switches and related interactive states
-	design Add-Ons panel
	-	include an accordion control as a place to set add-on options (see sketches)
-	layout for keybinding panel
	-	innclude a dialog that simulates adding a key
-	do test export to HVAULT to see if its accessible for other machines
-	import to Axure 7 and try working in that environment. Any problems?

---

## [2013-10-18 15:35] eso

got caught up in other stuff. back to the prototype

---

## [2013-10-18 15:46] eso

decoupled panel headers from panel content so that if scrolled, the panel title remains visible

---

## [2013-10-18 16:06] eso

bringing in switch component

---

## [2013-10-18 16:37] eso

it works! need to make modifications to existingscreens
x	video
x	audio
x	interface
x	gameplay
x	social
x	camera

---

## [2013-10-18 19:15] eso

working out the logic that lets panels expand and collapse in the interface section. almost there.

---

## [2013-10-20 14:08] eso

finished working out accordion structure for interface panel. Need to make the hit area for each switch take up the entire row, as right now the target is too small

---

## [2013-10-20 14:09] eso

need to work out accordion logic for gameplay section

enable double tap to dodge roll
	dodge roll time window

enable target glows
	glow intensity
	glow thickness

enable interactables glow
	glow intensity

---

## [2013-10-20 15:40] eso

getting there. after getting there, give some thought to tightening up the layout. What does that mean? Not sure exactly. Grouping? Whitespace? mouseover states? Bigger controls? Wondering what a custom dropdown widget would look like

---

## [2013-10-20 16:38] eso

when a dropdown is set to off, the label should also be shown in the off state

---

## [2013-10-20 17:40] eso

damn it I measured some stuiff wrong and now killing time tweaking positional values to make it look right. really need to get started on the add-ons and keybinding sections

---

## [2013-10-20 18:28] eso

finally completed gameplay section. downloading build to use for reference for addons, keybinds

---

## [2013-10-20 18:38] eso

logging into office machine to see if I can get a glimpse of the systems for reference. local download is taking a while...

---

## [2013-10-20 18:40] eso

remote desktop is too sluggish

---

## [2013-10-20 20:30] eso

waiting for software to download still... working on cleaning up existing

---

## [2013-10-20 20:49] eso

ah, it finished downloading. Taking a look at the addons UI

---

## [2013-10-20 21:45] eso

sketched out add on UI design. working on layout in Axure. Actually before getting to that I'm going to make adjustments to hit area for switch component so it can be activated/deactivated by clicking anywhere in the row

---

## [2013-10-20 22:01] eso

increased hit area size, definite usability improvement, moving on to addons

---

## [2013-10-20 22:14] eso

trying to build this up efficiently

x	I can turn addons on and off
x	clicking Add-Ons menu should collapse any open accordion
x	horizontal rules (overall) are extending too far
x	ensure that title panel changes state when top-level menu items are clicked
x	create dynamic panel for each addon line item
x	add notes section to each addon line item
x	add droplist to select characters
-	add reload UI button
-	create character widget to show which characters are using addons in "all characters view"
-	add settings widget to addons to expose controls for that addon

---

## [2013-10-20 23:47] eso

getting there. giving myself one moure hour before ending this work session

---

## [2013-10-21 00:27] eso

picking it back up tomorrow am

---

## [2013-10-21 07:09] eso

making alternate table-based design for addons

---

## [2013-10-21 07:52] eso

not digging the alternate design. wrong idiom. Moving back to original intent. What is missing there?
-	sorting feels like an afterthought
-	whitespace rhythm feels wrong
-	should character select exist in a dropdown, or is it a menu?

---

## [2013-10-21 07:58] eso

maybe they whould exist in a menu, but my immediate focus is on completing the initial idea. revert back to that and refine

---

## [2013-10-21 08:39] eso

addon UI is startiung to look real. Wish I had the time to make it fully dynamic, but need to focus on static layout before heading into the studio

---

## [2013-10-21 09:14] eso

addons is as close as I can get it for now. Today I'll need to move on to the login menu including a flow for 2 step authentication

---

## [2013-10-21 10:03] eso

posting work in progress to a network drive. I'm noticing that to view in Chrome, you need to install the Axure extension in order to view local files. Not an issue in Firefox

---

## [2013-10-21 11:10] eso

reviewed work in progress with Marc & Nathan. Sending out email to distribution list

---

## [2013-10-21 13:43] eso

collating feedback about menu system. Will address after completing keybind layout

SOCIAL SETTINGS
-	add global chat options to Social
	-	chat window font size
	-	channel colors list
	-	a method of previewing the selected color in the context of the chat window
		-	thumbnail preview (simulated preview)
		-	when color picker is open, the menu recedes and the chat window advances

ADDONS
-	add case for when All Characters dropdown option is selected
	-	initial idea (validated with Dan)
-	add "load out of date addons" button

DIALOGS
-	LOG OUT
	"Do you want to log out to character select? Y/N"
-	QUIT
	"Do you want to quit the game? Y/N"

---

## [2013-10-21 14:22] eso

starting on Keybind

---

## [2013-10-21 17:35] eso

got caught up in item tooltip implementation details.
got caught up in some kind of UI team meeting
created flow diagram to validate Chris & Nathans 2-step authentication diagram ideas. Reviewing that with him now.

---

## [2013-10-21 18:55] eso

got caught up in discussion about 2-step authentication. Maybe I shouldnt have.

---

## [2013-10-21 19:17] eso

starting on keybind for real this time

---

## [2013-10-21 20:16] eso

continuing with keybind UI
-	need bindings dialog (always appears center screen)
-	need down state for buttons
- 	need hiliter row to keey track of which row is being hovered

---

## [2013-10-21 21:45] eso

Dan came by and mentioned that these keybindsing settings use a system of layers. Similar to Battlefield, except way more vague. I created a tabbed menu and corresponding icons, beyond that, I dont' know how to convey layering more clearly. Possibly a text description? Not sure where that would live. At a minimum the panel header (the part that doesnt scroll) would have to be taller

---

## [2013-10-22 09:39] eso

menu feedback from Chris

-	Its your call. Do it the way you think works best
	-	my way works best


-	Widget states are indeterminate
	- OFF state appears like disabled

-	Where do the tooltips get drawn?

-	With the labels and widgets this far apart I find I am having to scan left to right to see a value. This is probably the biggest thing that I find to be a bit fatiguing.

-	There’s a gap between the section headers and the horizontal strip (where the description used to be). I think it just needs to scoot up a bit to match the header

-	We’re introducing some new concepts here that we don’t use elsewhere:
	-	We generally have dropdowns with the label above them, checkboxes with labels next to them, and radio buttons with the label above them.
	-	There’s a new widget type that is used for on/off. I’d like to avoid introducing a new widget at this point, since we’ve used standard ones throughout the rest of the UI.

---

## [2013-10-22 13:15] eso

interestingly, was able to hack together a method of embedding fonts into an Axure generated page. The only problem is that when the font definition in the HTML contains spaces, it fails - unless you manually remove the spaces and change the related css.

---

## [2013-10-22 13:39] eso

success? Its looking like I've hacked it

---

## [2013-10-22 13:56] eso

validated font embed test on multiple machines. the method is solid

---

## [2013-10-22 14:55] eso

Naturally, nothing good comes without a price. The converted otf->ttf font outlines are noticeably crappier. Going to truy converting a layoit to use this method and see how it looks

---

## [2013-10-22 15:10] eso

Interestingly, the font stuff looks ok in firefox

---

## [2013-10-22 15:16] eso

maybe there's a way to do this more cleanly in Axure 7. Moving on to layout now

---

## [2013-10-22 16:16] eso

working to see if I can make rows hilite on mouseover. It looks possible, but involves creating custom components for everything, and in the end may be more effort than the payoff

---

## [2013-10-22 16:22] eso

I worked out a technique to do row highlighting on hover but its not going to scale well, so that interaction cant be prototyped

---

## [2013-10-22 16:51] eso

time to get back into production
TO-DO
-	edit existing to use system colors on black
-	complete tab-based Keybinding layout
-	re-open Add-Ons layout and iterate further. Doesnt feel right yet

---

## [2013-10-22 18:13] eso

still working on color conversion & viosual fidelity pass

---

## [2013-10-22 19:57] eso

upgrade to new styling is going well. have refined the on/off switch interaction

x	VIDEO
x	AUDIO
x	GAMEPLAY
x	INTERFACE
x	SOCIAL
X	CAMERA
-	KEYBINDINGS
-	ADDONS

---

## [2013-10-22 20:47] eso

capturing in game bkg to use for gameplay reference

---

## [2013-10-22 21:16] eso

added show bkg switch to view prototype in real world context

---

## [2013-10-22 22:49] eso

I havent really begun to incorporate Chris's feedback, but I've made huge steps with this prototype today and feeling pretty proud of it. Finishing it will be the real win

---

## [2013-10-23 08:20] eso

Tried viewing work in progress from home and generated the prototype from that machine. Didnt see the fonts I was expecting. It seems the workflow for embedded fonts is such that the fonts must be on the system that generates the prototype. Doublechecking - I took a look at the embed font test page that I posted to HVAULT and I'm seeing the expected output

---

## [2013-10-23 09:36] eso

Chris asked about placement of trusted/public computer icons for login flow. generatingsome quick sketches to test the possibilities

---

## [2013-10-23 10:05] eso

moving back to menu prototype design. Need to add Login Screen page today so that login & authentication issues can be worked out using this model

---

## [2013-10-23 15:12] eso

getting close to finishing the style update.

---

## [2013-10-23 16:11] eso

back to add-ons. needs its own header to store controls. May need to be a bit wider than the standard header

---

## [2013-10-23 21:30] eso

add-ons are taking forever. not sure why. revertingback to basics, and wondering if my initial idea was the better one? I feel like this needs to be treated like a spreadsheet with sortable headers

---

## [2013-10-23 21:57] eso

addons as-is has to be as done as it can be for this iteration. I need to move on to keybinds and address the feedback that Chris sent over (at least as far as the ordering of things goes)

CHRIS'S FEEDBACK

SLIDERS
-	Sliders no longer have numbers. We need to bring these back in all cases as it makes things a lot easier.

DROPDOWN
x	Dropdowns do not appear to be wide enough for some of the contents (like resolution). Could just be a font issue but this fit with the previous mockup?

HINTS
x	Center the Apply and Reset to Defaults keybind underneath the pane above it
x	We won’t need the ‘Alt’ to Exit button

VIDEO
x	move interface scaling/position to a new sub-section called Interface
x	add horizontal & vertical boundary sliders to this new Interface section
x	the Graphics Quality should feel spaced separately from the others just because we want this to feel like it’s the parent of all the children dropdowns below it
	x	indent (DD) sections beneath graphics quality
	x	For the Graphics Dropdowns, the order should be:
			Graphics Quality
			Texture Quality
			Subsampling Quality
			Shadow Quality
			Water Reflection Quality
			Particle Density

AUDIO
x	Audio setting should follow pattern of mockups
	(MUTE)(SLI) Master Volume
		(CB) Enable Sound
		(MUTE)(SLI) Environment Volume
		(MUTE)(SLI) Effects Volume
		(MUTE)(SLI) Conversation Volume
		(MUTE)(SLI) Interface Volume
		(CB) Enable Music
		(MUTE)(SLI) Music Volume

x	Add the following settings to Audio
		(SLI) Music Interval
		(DD) Sound Channels/Quality
			Lowest (16), Low (32), Medium (64), High (128)
		(DD) Sound Output/Audio Device
			Default, Speakers (ASUS XONAR Audio Device), Digital Audio (S/PDIF) (ASUS XONAR…)
		(DD) Speaker setup
			Default, Mono, Stereo, Quad, Surround, 5.1, 7.1, Pro Logic

CONTROLS
x	Add Mouse Section
	x	Move invert-y to Mouse section
	x	Add (CB) invert-x to Mouse section
x	Dont need camera distance sliders in Camera section

CHAT
x	Rename Chat to Chat Settings
x	Need dropdown for text size (12 -24 in increments of 2)
-	Need color swatches for chat filters
	-	Need these for /say, /yell, /whisper, /group, /zone, NPC, Emote and Alerts
	-	Need these for /guild1 to /guild5
	-	Need these for /officer1 to /officer5
x 	Add a Chat Alerts section
	(CB) Contact Online
	(CB) Contact Offline
	(CB) Guild Member Online
	(CB) Guild Member Offline

COLOR PICKER
-	Design one

---

## [2013-10-24 08:38] eso

exhausted. out of office today

---

## [2013-10-24 14:31] eso

editing the audio settings

---

## [2013-10-24 16:00] eso

finished editing audio settings. Looking at this stuff as a sigle spaced vertical stack, I understand that the list becomes harder to parse than it should be. After completing the edits I'm going to spend some more time breaking these stacks up into categories, for example:

GENERAL
	Subtitles
	Master Volume
	Enable Sound
		Environment Volume
		Effects Volume
		Conversation Volume
		Interface Volume
	Enable Music
		Music Volume

OUTPUT
	Background Audio
	Music Interval
	Audio Quality/CHannels
	Audio Output Device
	Speaker Setup

SUBTITLES

---

## [2013-10-24 16:38] eso

recategorized audio to have 2 subsections - General & Output. Tightened vertical interval between sections from 50 to 40. I think it feels better. Not sure. Doing A?B test

---

## [2013-10-24 17:00] eso

OK. figured out vertical rthytm that I'll retroactively apply to all content-complete panels as I go
x	VIDEO
x	AUDIO
x	GAMEPLAY
x	INTERFACE
x	CAMERA
x	MOUSE

INCOMPLETE
-	SOCIAL
	-	Incorporate feedback
-	ADDONS
	-	Need to show list sorting
	-	Need to show list item expansion
	-	layout iteration. List looks wrong. Not sure why
		-	the header isnt clearly distinguished from the content
	-	add a version of this panel for character select with character dropdown replacing reload UI button
-	KEYBINDINGS
	-	add tabbed system to organize keybinds
	-	set buttons to empty state
	-	add dialog on select
-	LOG OUT
	-	Add dialogAdd
-	EXIT GAME
	-	Add dialog

---

## [2013-10-24 18:07] eso

need to focus. playing around with slider value treatments

---

## [2013-10-24 19:16] eso

more tweaking the panel vertical rhythm. Think I've got it

---

## [2013-10-24 20:12] eso

did some editorial work. every widget that stated "enable something" now just says "something" (the enabling being implicit in the on/off switch)

---

## [2013-10-24 20:56] eso

working on Social panel. needs some editorial

---

## [2013-10-25 00:11] eso

reviewed work with Thea. Made some change sto editorial. Redfined nameplates and healthbars section as a matrix instead of a series of dropdowns. Definitely feels better, although also busier. Interesting to hear what the team at work will think about it.

---

## [2013-10-25 00:12] eso

My goal for tonight listed by priority
x	finish editorial changes
x	finish laying out keybindings section
-	cleanup addons list visual design
-	additional work on social section
	-	is this finishable?

---

## [2013-10-25 10:34] eso

getting ready to distribute current state of menu prototype

---

## [2013-10-25 13:43] eso

Very favorable feedback on the prototype - particularly from Nathan :)

---

## [2013-10-25 16:26] eso

starting work on Confluence documentation for item tooltips. This material needs to be presented from an item creation & editorial perspective

---

## [2013-10-25 17:02] eso

Just gotta figure out what to say

---

## [2013-10-25 17:11] eso

TOPICS

Philosophy
	Design principles
		Why they look the way they do
		Constraints that I internalized while designing
		Visual reference

Layout
	Alignment
	Padding
	Whitespace

Editorial
	Paragraph style vs. List style
	Grammar

Examples
	Use Cases

---

## [2013-10-27 10:41] eso

Working on add-ons UI revision

---

## [2013-10-27 10:41] eso

Working on add-ons UI revision

---

## [2013-10-27 18:04] eso

add-ons are looking better. There's a choice to be made about how interactive it can be presented. Here's what I can't do:
-	make the addons switch on/off while allowing them to expand/contract and be sorted

However, can I sort and allow expand/contract?. After all - the on/off behavior is well documented elsewhere in the prototype

To sort & expand/contract:
I would need to create a dynamic panel that contained the sorted states of the list
Each of those states would contain a copy of the addons items and placement logic (for when list items expand and contract)

To turn on/off and expand/contract
I would need to use the existing structure
I'd need to add a state to the meta panel so it switches on/off
I'd need to create placement logic for expand/contract

---

## [2013-10-27 18:04] eso

add-ons are looking better. There's a choice to be made about how interactive it can be presented. Here's what I can't do:
-	make the addons switch on/off while allowing them to expand/contract and be sorted

However, can I sort and allow expand/contract?. After all - the on/off behavior is well documented elsewhere in the prototype

To sort & expand/contract:
I would need to create a dynamic panel that contained the sorted states of the list
Each of those states would contain a copy of the addons items and placement logic (for when list items expand and contract)

To turn on/off and expand/contract
I would need to use the existing structure
I'd need to add a state to the meta panel so it switches on/off
I'd need to create placement logic for expand/contract

---

## [2013-10-27 19:50] eso

needing to wrap up this add-ons design. Enough time spent on it. What more do you need to do?
-	Cleanup addon item 2 so it behaves like item 1
-	Add another item to flesh out the list
-	Dont worry about sorting
-	What does this design look like in the context of Character Select
	-	has dropdown with character names
	-	has granular controls showing which characters have add-ons enables

---

## [2013-10-27 19:50] eso

needing to wrap up this add-ons design. Enough time spent on it. What more do you need to do?
x	Cleanup addon item 2 so it behaves like item 1
x	Add another item to flesh out the list
x	Dont worry about sorting
-	What does this design look like in the context of Character Select
	-	has dropdown with character names
	-	has granular controls showing which characters have add-ons enables

	ShowMap is a small add-on that takes the world map feature used in the main menu and allows you to access it without opening the main menu.

---

## [2013-10-27 21:26] eso

Created initial character select menu and modified menu system for appropriate usage there

FEEDBACK

Indicators section:
x	For the Alliance indicators dropdown, reverse the All/None so that None is the first one in the list (to match up with off/low in other drop downs). All would be the last.
x	Rename Group Indicators to ‘Group Members’
x	Rename Follower to ‘Followers’
x	Cut ‘Resurrect Indicators’. Want this defaulted to on.
x	Would remove the ‘Indicators’ that’s at the end of the labels since it’s implied.

HUD:
x	Rename HUD to Heads Up Display
x	Remove Lock Action Bar. This is no longer important with our control scheme.
x	Remove the Fade Action Bar toggle and change this to a dropbox:
	x	Label is ‘Show Action Bar’
	x	Dropdown selections are: Don’t Show, Automatic, Always Show
x	Resurrect Indicators were accidentally pasted into here.
x	Cut the Quest Journal and Unit Frames tooltip toggles

SOCIAL
x	Would rename Notifications to ‘Incoming Requests’
x	Add Checkbox for ‘Ignore Trade Requests’
x	Add Checkbox for ‘Ignore Group Invites’
x	Add Checkbox for ‘Ignore Guild Invites’
x	Remove the other options in here.

CHAT SETTINGS
x	Chat renamed to Chat Settings
x	Chat filter color swatches
	x	/say
	x	/yell
	x	/whisper
	x	/group
	x	/zone
	x	NPC
	x	Emote
	x	Alerts

	GUILD-RELATED
	x	Was not clear how Chris was asking for these to be setup. need to verify

---

## [2013-10-27 23:42] eso

added placeholder gfx for color swatches, but have not yet made them interactive

---

## [2013-10-28 09:13] eso

working on open color picker interaction

---

## [2013-10-28 09:26] eso

worked out color picker open/close for a single color swatch

---

## [2013-10-28 09:30] eso

debugging/fine-tuning behavior for multiple color swatches. getting current mouse position not behaviing as expected. Maybe the picker shoudl exist at a pixed place on the screen, rather than coupled with the swatch?

---

## [2013-10-28 13:59] eso

working out menu structure for character select

---

## [2013-10-28 17:10] eso

added text & widget layout for player channels and guild channels.

---

## [2013-10-28 17:10] eso

working on mockup for character select menu based on discussion with Chris

TODO

MENU SYSTEM
-	finalize social settings in menu prototype
	x	guild chat color swatches
	-	color picker
	-	Add color swatch -> color picker interact
-	finalize character select layout
	-	determine what options need to be presented
	-	set up page interactions
-	finalize pregame layout
	-	what options need to be presented?
	-	create login panel as previously sketched/discussed
	-	setup page interactions

ADD ONS
-	create use case associated with character select menu

DOCUMENTATION
-	Item tooltip layout
-	Ability tooltip layout

---

## [2013-10-28 19:13] eso

worked out color picker placement

---

## [2013-10-28 19:13] eso

capturing gameplay screen

---

## [2013-10-28 19:59] eso

added gameplay bkg to in game menu

CHARACTER SELECT
x	Add Character Select Menu Item
	x	Turns on character placeholder gfx
	x	Turns on character selector placeholder panel
		x	has Create Character btn
		x	has Delete btn
	x	Turns on PLAY button

---

## [2013-10-28 21:59] eso

set up links between character select menu (play) and in-game menu (logout)
-	need to place modal dialog when logout is selected before jumping to character select

---

## [2013-10-29 10:00] eso

need to turn on game-menu bkg by default (remove switch to turn it on/off)
caturing some more in-game screenshots - the ones I captured last night are too pretty and dont imply "gameplay". Make sure character model is visible. and apply a treatment to the gfx similar to what might be expected the game to do when going into menu mode

---

## [2013-10-29 13:12] eso

swapped game screenshots for dark monochrome versions intended to show context. Creating pregame menu now

---

## [2013-10-29 13:22] eso

Login menu options:
PLAY
OPTIONS
	Video
	Audio
	Gameplay
	Interface
	Social
EXTRAS
	Cinematics
	Credits
HELP
QUIT

x	edit menu labels
x	edit menu behaviors
x	remove chaff assets
x	remove chaff behaviors
x	replace Extras with non-folding "Credits" menu item
x	add credits panel placeholder using Jared's mockups as reference
x	create login panel
x	create linkage to character select menu from login success
-	add version & latency info to this screen

---

## [2013-10-29 15:09] eso

creating quick template for credits based on mockup from AD

---

## [2013-10-29 17:01] eso

laying out login screen

---

## [2013-10-29 18:57] eso

wondering if its opissible to cycle through images in axure to simulate the image cycling on pregame menu as discussed this am

---

## [2013-10-29 19:05] eso

Removing Help from pre-game menu. Is it needed there?

---

## [2013-10-29 19:18] eso

add Quit/Restart page to handle the case when Quit is selected from pregame menu

---

## [2013-10-29 20:47] eso

Laying out color picker

---

## [2013-10-30 12:59] eso

distributed wip to Nathan, Jared, Marc & Chris to get feedback on menu cycling and credits. Jared provided some loading screen assets to replace my placeholders iwth. Mark pointed out that loading screen needs "munge" gfx. Having hard time converting the dds files he'd referred me to however. I've replaced the placeholder gfx with the ones provided.


GAME MENUS ROUND 2 FEEDBACK


PRIVATE/PUBLIC ICONS ON LOGIN SCREEN
-	Change design so there's only one icon. When its toggled ON, you're in Trusted Mode. When its OFF you're in Public mode

x	When going from pre-login to char select, the menu on the left shifts.
	The top word in the menus should always be anchored vertically centered on the left, so that when you’re going back/forth the whole thing doesn’t shift up down and it starts at the same point.

x	Character label in the Game Menu on character select should be plural (Characters).

PRE-GAME MENU
x	Lose Gameplay, Interface & Social settings on Pregame menu
-	Add Apply, Reset Defaults hints to Pregame Menu settings
-	hide menu when going to credits
	- provide screen hint stating "(ESC) Exit Credits"

CHARACTER SELECT
x	Controls should be available on character select as well.


IN-GAME MENU
x	For the In game menu, Resume Game feels like it should be at the very top. This is in line with how we do the other menus since the top typically means move forward, the bottom means go back.

SLIDERS
x	All sliders should always have a value.

APPLY/RESET BUTTONS
-	These should show up in all cases where options & settings can be changed
-	Need to provide an UNDO CHANGES option

EDITORIAL
x	Any label that has more than one word (i.e. Environment volume) will need to have all the words capitalized. Just pointing this out as Editorial will hit us on this and change this anyways, even if we don’t.

LATENCY
-	Would only show up in the Game Menu when you’re in the game world, not during pre-game. It’s reversed currently in where it shows.
-	Would like an icon version replacing the ‘latency’ label if possible (see Borderlands 2) that is just a 3 bar indicator (green/yello/red as it changes). May be able to re-use the population bars from the Campaign Browser for AvA

VIDEO
x	Horizontal Boundary/Vertical boundary missing values for slider (0-100 are the values)
x	Get rid of "recommended" nomenclature from video settings dropdowns

AUDIO
x	Volume sliders need values (0 – 100 are the values).
x	Music Interval should be grouped under the Music section after Music Volume.
x	Music interval slider need values (in ms – not sure what the values would be yet as this concept doesn’t exist yet).

GAMEPLAY
x	Relabel Show Combat Tips to ‘Active Combat Tips’
x	Relabel Enable Double Tap to Dodge Roll to ‘Double Tap to Dodge’
x	Relabel the Loot section to ‘Items’
x	Add ‘Hide Helmet’ Toggle into here.
x	Relabel AoE Loot to ‘Consolidate Area Loot’

TARGETING
x	Need to move this over to the Indicators section of ‘Interface’ since it’s more in line with that area.

INTERFACE
	NAMEPLATES & HEALTHBARS
	x	These should be dropdowns versus the button labels
	x	Remove the ‘names’ suffix from these labels. Already implied as being part of nameplates. Pluralize the labels (Friendly NPCs, Friendly Players, etc.)

SOCIAL
	x	For Incoming Requests, remove the Ignore prefixes for the labels.
		Rename these labels in ALERTS section
		x	Contact comes online -> Contact Online
		x	Contact Goes offline -> Contact Offline
		x	Guild Member Comes Online -> Guild Member Online
		x	Guild Member Goes Offline -> Guild Member Offline

CHAT SETTINGS
	x	Change the text size to a slider (slider will just have locked sliding at increments, from 12 to 24 in increments of 2)

	Player Channel Colors and Guild Channel Colors:
	x	These should all just be under ‘Chat Colors’ and not separated out, since this grouping isn’t accurate. The ordering is good though
	-	Finalize Color Picker


CONTROLS
	CAMERA
	x	These should be available on Char Select as well.

	x	Camera needs to separate out the settings for Global/1st person/3rd person into it’s own subsections as follows:
			GLOBAL
				Smoothing
				Invert X-axis (bring in from Mouse section)
				Invert Y-axis (bring in from Mouse section)
			1st person:
				Field of View slider
				Camera Bobbing toggle
				Rotation Speed Slider (0 – 100 are the values)
			3rd person:
				Rotation Speed Slider (0 – 100 are the values)

	KEYBINDINGS
		Would like to work on this a bit more with you and Dan. This is confusing to me currently with the way it’s broken out both up top and in the subsections within the keybinds and feels like a lot to take in for a player and find what they’re looking for


ADD-ONS
	The top header/line treatment should follow how we have this in social windows.
	x	The horizontal line should be underneath the ‘Add-Ons’ label.
		x	The dropdown should be beneath this horizontal line.
		x	The dropdown should have a label above it similar to what we do elsewhere (label should just say ‘View For:’)
	The column headers:
	x	When sorting, we’ll just want to make sure we use the same art treatment as we do in other columns that sort.
		x	i.e. arrows next to the labels. For the on/off column it’s two arrows above/below each other.
	x	For the name, have that line up with the column label for ‘Name’. Have the +/- be outside.
	x	+/- will need to use the triangle art we use elsewhere to indicate expanded/collapsed states

	System Messages
	-	provide an area for system messages (see WoW for example) than can be used to show dependencies, out of date status, error messages
	x	Provide button/switch that lets you "Load Out of Date" Add-Ons

	Character Management
	-	Allow character management for in-game Add-Ons panel

CREDITS
-	I know this is still in flux with typography and layout. We’ll want to hide the Game Menu while credits is going on and treat this as a separate ‘view’ similar to what we do for the movie that pops up (where Alt is just the key that’s present to exit).

---

## [2013-10-30 19:59] eso

TONS of feedback to integrate into the design. Nothing major, but lots of it. Looking for low hanging fruit

---

## [2013-10-30 21:06] eso

spent time trying to understand why the pregame bkg treatment looks wrong to me

---

## [2013-10-31 10:04] eso

need to spend 2 hrs documenting ability tooltips for editorial meeting tomorrow. Be sure to validate my docs with Andy tomake sure we're on the same page


ABILITY TOOLTIP DOCUMENTATION NOTES

What's the problem that we're trying to solve?


What are the design principles & constraints?
What does this system currently look like?
What does the design look like?
How do identified use cases look? compare/contrast

---

## [2013-10-31 13:30] eso

As I've redesigned the styleguide I previously created, I can see that there are 2 needs that need to be addressd:
-	permanent documentation for reference (in Confluence)
-	a presentation to bring people on board with the design approach (Powerpoint)

---

## [2013-10-31 17:16] eso

not necesary to do a powerpoint presentation. not sure what I was thinking there.
need to provide examples of the edge cases I've called out:
x	What if the ability effect is just a sentence?
x	Are bullet points used to identify effects in a list?
x	How does word wrapping work on effects in a list?
-	What happens when an ability has conditional effects?
-	What happens when an ability has conditional requirements?

---

## [2013-10-31 18:26] eso

seriously. taking much longer than anticpated. But making progress

---

## [2013-10-31 20:18] eso

finished documenting

---

