# Raw Entries for January 2013

**Total Entries:** 87
**Projects:** skinjester.com work

---

## [2013-01-23 02:33] skinjester.com work

after much twisting of hair and messing around with parts of WP (the database) that I didnt want to, the site is sort of operational. Category icons are missing (expected) as the plugin hasnt yet been enabled. I am curious about what has changed since I last worked on this. Specifically, I remember image load callback functionality to be sort of flaky, although it did in fact work for me. The larger question is that once I get the site back online in full, what would I change?
	1. UX may need to be relabeled STRATEGY
	2. I am no longer convinced that chronological tagging is so useful, but maybe it is
		- in any case the chronology should be from most recent to least recent
		- the work categories should appear before the chronology
	3. Horizontal scrolling should support touch
	4. Work should be organized and re-evaluated for inclusion
	5. New work

---

## [2013-01-23 02:42] skinjester.com work

horizontal scroll is screwed up, not sure why

---

## [2013-01-23 02:49] skinjester.com work

there are a lot of duplicate entries in the custom fields that need to be cleaned up
- looks like an SQL query can be run on the db, but each duplicated field name will need to be entered for each

---

## [2013-01-23 03:06] skinjester.com work

cleaned up duplicate custom field entries

---

## [2013-01-23 03:06] skinjester.com work

page selection using the scroller is acting strangely

---

## [2013-01-23 03:09] skinjester.com work

putting maintenance page back up until these bugs are fixed

---

## [2013-01-23 03:16] skinjester.com work

updating wordpress to v3.5

---

## [2013-01-23 09:13] skinjester.com work

Flash of unstyled text before typekit rendering

---

## [2013-01-23 09:14] skinjester.com work

Flickr link is no longer valid. Replace with link to wank3r

---

## [2013-01-23 22:59] skinjester.com work

Installing to localhost to verify flaky carousel behavior

---

## [2013-01-24 01:29] skinjester.com work

flaky behavior verified, but I was creating some test posts and noticed that the custom field information may be malformed. When when entering project_name, that item doesnt appear in the prepopulated dropdown, and I am wondering if that is the root of the problem ?

---

## [2013-01-24 01:43] skinjester.com work

I checked the database for localhost as well as online and the missing key is in there, and yet it doesnt show up in the wordpress editor. could be something, could be nothing. The next course of action is to create a new database on local host. I will then add a series of posts from scratch using the same nomenclature as the existing site and will see if the flaky behavior persists. I wonder what it could be?

---

## [2013-01-24 01:45] skinjester.com work

I am also going to contact Laughing Squid. I'm no longer able to access the control panel from my old hosted account. It may be possible to get a backup of the database from them

---

## [2013-01-24 02:14] skinjester.com work

attempting to revert to the DNS servers that are still associated with the old hosting plan. I will see if that works, if not, I'll contact Laughing Squid, and as a last resort will reconstruct the posts by hand from a new database. whew

---

## [2013-01-24 09:03] skinjester.com work

pointing DNS server back to old host was successful. I'm exporting the database

---

## [2013-01-24 22:23] skinjester.com work

database exported successfully from old site with no errors and yet the page is not displaying the cladinblack theme. the default theme seems to work fine. sigh

---

## [2013-01-24 23:13] skinjester.com work

copy/pasted from skinjester.com_old to localhost root and the pages loaded correctly. However, the post carousel is back to its bad behavior and I'm noticing that some assets are being shown at the wrong size. wtf

---

## [2013-01-25 02:16] skinjester.com work

finally. after an exhaustive database export, which I parsed for transfer to local host using a php script designed for the purpose, and then an equally exhaustive FTP transfer directory by directory to my local machine, the site is running as designed :)

---

## [2013-01-25 02:21] skinjester.com work

I've noticed a couple of things while transferring files, mainly that the images stored in the wp-content/uploads folder are very disorganized. there are empty directories, and images are placed chronologically in directories based on the time they were uploaded.

Next steps:
- consolidate image assets by project
- implement regular backup strategy for webhost
	- is there a plugin to do this? I also want to backup the database
- implement regular backup strategy for localhost on macbook
	- is there a plugin to do this? I also want to backup the database
- store media files on CDN?
- typekit font processing is causing pages to flash w unstyled content before the fonts are delivered
- explore google font options and cancel typekit subscription?
- refactor CSS

---

## [2013-01-25 02:32] skinjester.com work

wtf. I updated to the latest version of wordpress and the madness began again. the carousel isnt smooth like it used to be and the indexing is weird. clearly some of my issues had to do with the update. I wonder if its possible to downgrade to a prior version? I did the same for the webhost and am seeing the scrolling happening less smoothly, although its not to the extent of what I'm seeing on localhost

---

## [2013-01-25 02:43] skinjester.com work

I attempted a downgrade to v3.4 and ended up with reduced functionality. no javascript

---

## [2013-01-25 02:50] skinjester.com work

could the problem with the wp upgrade have to do with the new version of jquery?

its definitely a jQuery version problem. I wonder what changed. The original site used v1.6.1

---

## [2013-01-25 03:28] skinjester.com work

interesting. I reverted back to wordpress 3.2 (which uses jQuery 1.6.1) and the site behaves as expected.
I should probably go to bed, but so curious. The wp dashboard screen is broken. It must rely on the current version of jquery. I suspect the only reason the webhost is working is due to the caching plugin thats running

---

## [2013-01-25 03:37] skinjester.com work

FACE.PALM.
I found the bug. It has to do with the Google Analytics plugin being deactivated. When is turned off, the carousel behaves strangely. When is turned on, it behaves normally. Nothing to do with the version of WP or jquery (I think) I remember having written some kind of tracking system for analytics reporting to detect how the carousel was being used. That must be where the problem is happening.

---

## [2013-01-26 01:43] skinjester.com work

spent time tonight playing around with page load optimizations and trying to understand why the browser flashes white when a new page is loaded. I removed all prior transferred material from the new webhost including the database and will be re-transferring material to that destination from localhost. I'm looking through the scripting I did 2 years ago and trying to get my head around it and optimize it where I can. I also commented out the suspect custom google analytics code that appears to have been breaking the carousel nav

---

## [2013-01-26 02:30] skinjester.com work

just renewed typekit subscription but intend to look into a google font custom font instead

---

## [2013-01-26 03:02] skinjester.com work

it was indeed the custom tracking code I wrote that broke the site when the plugin was disabled. fixed a 2 yr old page-height glitch that had been forcing the browser window height to a ridiculous value. Have been doing some css tweaks in general. That stylesheet needs to be refactored.

---

## [2013-01-26 03:56] skinjester.com work

previously I had defined the cladinblack theme as a child theme of WP-Framework theme, but I dont know how much, if any of that is still valid. I will look into removing that dependency

---

## [2013-01-26 12:52] skinjester.com work

doing some directory cleanup on localhost prior so that new webhost install will be "tight"

---

## [2013-01-26 13:00] skinjester.com work

footer is inadequate for what I need it to do.

---

## [2013-01-26 13:48] skinjester.com work

back to mechanical labor cleaning up the chaff

---

## [2013-01-26 14:04] skinjester.com work

cleaned up twitter profile page

---

## [2013-01-26 14:39] skinjester.com work

finished removing chaff from theme directory (scripts and css)

---

## [2013-01-26 14:45] skinjester.com work

removing chaff from theme image directory

---

## [2013-01-26 15:13] skinjester.com work

playing around w animated gif bkg. sorta interesting on index page, less so elsewhere. if they were use d they'd need to screened back into the bkg to avoid busy. yeah tried that. not uninteresting. best used sparingly if at all

---

## [2013-01-26 15:28] skinjester.com work

replaced item thumbnail body & hover image w CSS

---

## [2013-01-26 15:46] skinjester.com work

continuing to cleanup chaff in theme image directory. noticing that I need to rewrite the image alt tags overall, which currently read "Permanent link to [postname]"

---

## [2013-01-26 15:57] skinjester.com work

finished cleaning up theme image folder

---

## [2013-01-26 18:40] skinjester.com work

attempting to remove deoendency on parent theme WP-Framework. Maybe I just did... checking. or no... When I remove the WP-Framework theme from the directory, WP admin states that cladinblack theme is broken

---

## [2013-01-26 19:40] skinjester.com work

removed dependency on WP-Framework, cladinblack is no longer defined as a child theme, in an attempt to optimize and reduce any overhead

---

## [2013-01-26 19:54] skinjester.com work

continuing with optimization research using YSlow for reference

---

## [2013-01-26 20:14] skinjester.com work

modified .htaccess to gzip static components

---

## [2013-01-26 21:31] skinjester.com work

optimized as much as I care to right now. one obvious area for further exploration is treating UI elements such as the brand logos and page nav as a single sprite sheet to reduce the number of http requests on page load

---

## [2013-01-26 22:17] skinjester.com work

created new db on new webhost and imported localhost db, then ran batch command to update URL references on new webhost. Verified good using temporary test page URL provided by Laughing Squid. Updated Network Solutions DNS record to point to new webhost

---

## [2013-01-26 23:07] skinjester.com work

need to look further into page load issues.
that white flashing between page loads - its completely unclear why it should happen at all or if it can even be addressed. Every now and then I notice that unstyled font shows briefly before styled and that can probably be fixed. Perhaps more important than these technical issues are the content issues that seem apparent to me. The footer section needs to be designed for real needs. The work itself needs to be curated better. Some of the nomenclature - specifically "User Experience" needs to be replaced..

---

## [2013-01-27 04:08] skinjester.com work

the flashing between page loads is being caused by typekit javascript. I think its because typekit is loading (and non cached) before the page loads, hence the short delay. If its loading could be deferred of made asynchronous that might solve the problem. I think its also worth looking into a google font option. Not sure if this will simply replicate the behavior?

---

## [2013-01-27 04:23] skinjester.com work

It looks like its not just typekit - its a preloader function that also contributes to latency. Its being called on every page, no less, rather than once. The site looks better and feels more solid and responsive without that awful white flash I must say!

---

## [2013-01-27 04:27] skinjester.com work

The W3C Validator reveals a number of HTML errors that need to be fixed


TODO: 
- investigate google font solution
- investigate asynchronous script loading solution
- preload funtion is useful mainly for UI elements such as navigation and brand logos
	- that material should be placed on a single spritesheet so there is only a single page load before those assets are cached
- fix HTML errors reported by validator

---

## [2013-01-27 20:44] skinjester.com work

setup a backup job with Goodsync on MBP to transfer work done on localhost to webhost

---

## [2013-01-27 21:12] skinjester.com work

did some research into asynchronous script loading, the solution is really quite ingenious, and I'm wondering how to make it work for me. for the moment I'll deal with cleaning up the W3C validation errors that I noticed last night

---

## [2013-01-27 22:40] skinjester.com work

continuing to cleanup HTML. Added project name to link title on category & tab pages so they appear when hovering over the thumbnails

---

## [2013-01-27 23:29] skinjester.com work

finished HTML validation. finished CSS validation. uploading changes to webhost

---

## [2013-01-28 09:10] skinjester.com work

a quick test re-enabling typekit shows no flash of white on page load. was this the problem at all? I'm seeing asynchronous loading of scripts in chrome when I look at the timeline in the debugger. Perhaps the previously unvalidated HTML was the proble, after all? I changed the doctype so the browser reads the page as HTML5. Previously was using some sort of HTML 4.01 Transitional doctype. Was this the problem all along?

---

## [2013-01-28 09:32] skinjester.com work

spoke too soon. It is typekit. the white flash is still there. Typekit javascript loads appropriately. the slowdown happens when it is called on document ready. What if it was called afterwards, either by using a delay or by using another callback - perhaps $(window).load ?

---

## [2013-01-28 09:51] skinjester.com work

placing the call on $(window).load doesnt change anything. strange. I wonder why?

---

## [2013-01-28 09:57] skinjester.com work

interesting... when I place the typekit initialize function on $(document).click the page still flashes, even though everything has loaded and the browser is waiting around for something to do... this leaves me wondering if this is inherent to the typekit code, or if it has to do with the collection of CSS selectors that are being processed by the funtion. really need to get ready to head into the office.

---

## [2013-01-28 15:32] skinjester.com work

Did a bit more typekit research. Provided here so I remember.
	New domain
	The second change is that we’ve made all kits available at use.typekit.net in addition to use.typekit.com. These hostnames run on the same infrastructure and behave identically. The only difference is that the new domain does not have any cookies set on it, as recommended by both Google and Yahoo performance best practices.

---

## [2013-01-29 00:06] skinjester.com work

continuing to look into typekit issues. I dont see this same problem elsewhere. perhaps the problem lies in the way I am initializing typekit? I notice that whenever it gets called there is a delay of >100ms which for some reason causes the page to flash even when loaded. I will try using the asynchronous embed code and see if that makes a difference

---

## [2013-01-29 00:41] skinjester.com work

there are moments in life that you learn something new after hacking away at a problem for a while. as often as not, knowledge comes from removing a previously unquestioned assumption. it is a strange feeling when it happens - the feeling more profound than sex on the one hand, and the feeling of face.palm. The problem that I've been wrestling with for a couple of worksessions over the last couple of days was trivial in the end. there was a block of CSS embedded in the header-custom.php file (that is used on every page) using the typekit font state classes:
	.wf-loading {visibility: hidden};
	.wf-active {}
	.wf-inactive {}

the .wf-loading class was being applied to the <html> tag very briefly when typekit.load() was called, and then being unapplied when the fonts signaled they had loaded and the typekit active: event was fired. Causing. A. White. Flash. Problem Solved!

---

## [2013-01-29 00:51] skinjester.com work

The unforseen win is that as I dug around for solutions I came across mistakes I had made when I registered and enqued scripts in the function.php. So I'm cleaning that work up now

---

## [2013-01-29 02:06] skinjester.com work

experimentation with the text fade-in in initializeTypekit() has made doing a transition-in on page load seem very attractive. rather than including that functionality as part of typekit I'm creating a seperate function that gets called on document ready

---

## [2013-01-29 02:12] skinjester.com work

k. that's working

---

## [2013-01-29 03:22] skinjester.com work

spent time working on transition when pages load - looks tight. has brought a certain life to the site. increased speed and changed easing for carousel slider. transferring work to webhost. well played. like a sir.

---

## [2013-01-29 10:50] skinjester.com work

noticed issues with unstyled font when reviewing last nights work on the machine in the office. Here is the sequence of events:
	- browser loads the new page
	- the new page renders using the default font and with the header and content blocks at their rest state
	- The document.ready() function is called
	- the typekit.load() is called and the default font visibly updates to the substitution font
	- the header transition function is called and the header/content blocks jump to the start state and animate to rest state

Here is the sequence of events as they should occur
	- browser loads the new page
	- the new page renders
		- the default font is hidden
		- the header/content blocks are hidden and placed in the animation start state
		- the document ready() function is called
		- the typekit load() function is called and the substitute font is enabled
		- the substitute font is made visible
		- the header transition function is called and the header/content blocks are made visible
		- the header/content blocks animate to the rest state

---

## [2013-01-29 22:31] skinjester.com work

finishing cleanup of script & style enqueing in functions.php that I started last night

---

## [2013-01-29 22:48] skinjester.com work

noticing the odd CSS nomenclature in the page structure. There's a lot of stuff defined as a class that should properly be defined as an ID

---

## [2013-01-29 23:40] skinjester.com work

I couldnt stand looking at the sprawling mess of getTagNav() and getCatNav() in functions.php. After figuring out what they did, I rewrote them as a single combined function the_thumbnail_url(). The PHP used in the wordpress category.php and tag.php templates is hard on the eyes. I feel like I should clean that up as well. No good reason other than its hideous

---

## [2013-01-30 02:02] skinjester.com work

I still havent touched any of the font/transition debug stuff where I left off last night but am learning brand new things about how to debug PHP and wordpress itself using the built in functions

*** IMPORTANT ***
I COMMENTED OUT A CODE BLOCK IN WP-INCLUDES/FUNCTIONS.PHP FROM LINES 2953-2960 BECAUSE I WAS GETTING SPAMMED WITH A PHP NOTICE I DIDNT UNDERSTAND AND COULDNT DO ANYTHING ABOUT
*** IMPORTANT ***

---

## [2013-01-30 02:19] skinjester.com work

this debugging workflow is pretty cool. already found and fixed a legacy bug in tag.php which I'd never have known about otherwise

---

## [2013-01-30 04:27] skinjester.com work

bedtime.seriously. very interesting work session. I had no idea wordpress could be logged this way. I didnt actually work on the problem I thought I would but gained a lot of knowledge, cleaned up some bugs, and in general had a great time. One thing I noticed and started looking into was that when I revert back to the wordpress version of jquery, the headline transition no longer works. have no idea why. switching back to google's version solves the problem.

---

## [2013-01-30 12:16] skinjester.com work

jquery strangeness with animation function fadein(). clearly, something I'm overlooking. I thought it had something to do with the version of jquery that I was using (wp vs. google) but after a lot of testing, it seemed to have something to do with. ah fuck, I dunno.

---

## [2013-01-30 22:55] skinjester.com work

the jquery issue was resolved - fadeIn() doesnt work together with css opacity. that function is intended to be used with display:none, or hide(). I'm doing some further cleanup on the <head> section by removing the rss feed and enqueing the stylesheet from functions.php instead of including the <link> to it in custom-header.php. also wondering since this is no longer a child theme if custom-header.php can go back to being header.php? Ah... apparently so.

---

## [2013-01-31 00:15] skinjester.com work

still working on cleaning up redundancy in functions.php

---

## [2013-01-31 02:01] skinjester.com work

finished cleaning up redundant functionality in functions.php. The code just looks better now. Learned a lot more about the internal workings of wordpres and also have the beginnings of a nice development environment. Just need to get source control and it will be a great foundation for this project and future work

---

## [2013-01-31 03:12] skinjester.com work

I'm working on masking the typekit font load. I have a collection of all text that fades in when the page is loaded, but after looking at it when all page content faded in instead of just some of it, it seems like that was just smoother. I'm finishing this cigarette and going to bed.

---

## [2013-01-31 03:27] skinjester.com work

OK, so the typekit event handler is working as expected, but its clear that if there are images being displayed, they need to fade in as well. It feel awkward to see parts of the page fading in while others do not. what if the entire page body behaved like this? maybe 1 more cigarette before bed...

---

## [2013-01-31 03:32] skinjester.com work

no, notthe entire body. it feels smoother but loses an anchor

---

## [2013-01-31 04:23] skinjester.com work

I cant help myself I'm experimenting with the typography. now is not the time. I made a change to the tag cloud text and will post it to webhost and see how I feel in the morning. great work session. The transition appears to be working as expected. I took the tag cloud text out of the fontevnt handler. will see if that works out after a bit of QA on different machines

---

## [2013-01-31 11:44] skinjester.com work

everything is working as expected. There's significant performance degredation on my iPad. Looking into replacing jQuery animation with CSS3 equivalent

---

## [2013-01-31 11:54] skinjester.com work

modified stylesheet enqueing so it doesnt affect the admin page

//	ONGOING QUALITY CONTROL ///////////////////////////////////////////////////

Revise and consolidate tag names and assignments
	- what is the difference between "concept" and "visual design"?
	- relabel "user experience" as "strategy"
	- chronological tags should be ordered from most recent to least recent
	- consider placing the work tags before the chronology tags
Provide touch support for carousel navigation
Content audit
	- Rate the value of portfolio assets
		- What can be removed?
	- Evaluate recent work 2011-2013
		- make a list of candidate assets
Background image
Refactor layout structure
	- Refactor CSS
Typography exploration
Hover behavior
	- for text links
	- for graphic links
	- for asset thumbnail blocks
Footer
	- Bio
	- Revise layout
Server-side optimizations
	- cacheing
	- use CDN to serve media files

//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

---

## [2013-01-31 12:18] skinjester.com work

researching CSS3 animation

---

## [2013-01-31 16:07] skinjester.com work

continuing work on implementing CSS3 anim

---

## [2013-01-31 16:20] skinjester.com work

its working. tweaking parameters

---

## [2013-01-31 16:50] skinjester.com work

the jquery easing function yields a more satisfying drifting effect, trying to achieve same w the CSS

---

## [2013-01-31 17:06] skinjester.com work

the level of control over the easing is fantastic. I'd have had to do math to accomplish similar in jQuery. Even nicer was the site I found that lets you tweak values and compare to other curves. nice.

---

## [2013-01-31 17:15] skinjester.com work

replacing font opacity transition with css equivalent. wait a second - not working yet in firefox. ah, now it is. but the smoothness is not there. I think it has to do with how the CSS layout is organized. I'll take a quick look and see if I can deal with it, if not I'll wait to do so when the layout & css have been refactored

---

## [2013-01-31 21:38] skinjester.com work

I replaced the opacity transition with CSS3. even on the desktop the overall transition (opacity + translation) is significantly smoother and feels very solid. Poting it to webhost and will see how it works on iPad. Ah - see some kind of css weirdness is happening now. the exit button position has shifted, although actually it doesnt look bad there. When I was inspecteding the page layoutto check into firefox issue, I didnt fully understand the setup I had made. This positioning error is no doubt related to that, so it looks like the next step is to refactor that layout & css setup

---

