# Raw Entries for November 2013

**Total Entries:** 103
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2013-11-01 09:18] eso

capturing images of ability tooltips to convey progress in the design
-	what they looked like whebn I started
- 	what they look like now
-	what they should look like

---

## [2013-11-01 11:12] eso

reviewed my documentation on Ability tooltips with Andy. Swe're solid

---

## [2013-11-01 11:12] eso

spent some time capturing problem item tooltips and documenting issues/potential solutions in Fireworks. I need to solve these issues, and rebuild the item tooltip styleguide to v7

---

## [2013-11-01 11:33] eso

looking at the add-ons UI design.

---

## [2013-11-01 12:01] eso

worked out redesign for add-ons

---

## [2013-11-01 12:45] eso

implementing add-on redesign in Axure

---

## [2013-11-01 14:00] eso

Ability tooltip editorial meeting now

---

## [2013-11-01 14:22] eso

meeting went well. back to the prototype

---

## [2013-11-01 16:11] eso

chatted w Chris about cats. Turns out he's a smoker as well!

---

## [2013-11-01 16:12] eso

adding slider values to the slider widget. looks questionable to me. I get that the value is useful to see as you're using it and wondering if it shouldnt just appear on hover? on second thought, maybe it doesnt look as bad as I thoughtbefore I stepped away?

---

## [2013-11-01 16:33] eso

doing some cleanup to these components so they're positioned consistently withount me needing to think about offsets

---

## [2013-11-03 10:50] eso

x	fix addon-on menu state on launch (needs to initialize to hidden

---

## [2013-11-03 11:59] eso

did some cleanup to Addon UI list format, set initial state of panel and title to hidden so that stuff doesnt show up until the menu item is selected

---

## [2013-11-03 12:02] eso

working on adding slider values and general cleanup of gameplay panel

---

## [2013-11-03 14:02] eso

when I'm done with this revision I need to do a quality control pass on this and make sure that all expanding transitions are animated

---

## [2013-11-03 21:16] eso

working on capitalization of text labels

---

## [2013-11-03 22:17] eso

need to turn panels into masters so they can be referenced on different menu pages instead of copy/pasting

---

## [2013-11-03 23:41] eso

converted main panel to master. remapping some of the interactions that got broken

---

## [2013-11-04 00:07] eso

what can I complete to finish up this work session?
x	convert keybinds panel to master
	x	convert panel_special to master
		x	edit in-game menu interactions to point to panels_special
x	link to keybinds on character select
x	set resume game option to close all panels and titles
x	chat setting change text size to slider
x	convert add-ons panel to master
	x	edit in-game menu interactions to point to master
	x	include addons master on character select menu
		x	edit character select interactions to point to master

---

## [2013-11-04 01:32] eso

Finish these first thing in the am
x	update camera settings panel
-	add system messages tab to add-ons
	-	add system messages tab interaction to add-ons UI
	-	replace placeholder squares with icons

---

## [2013-11-04 09:14] eso

updated camera settings. The remaining poarts to work on in order of complexity are are:
-	Move Master control panel (settings) to Pregame Menu
	-	Wire up interactions to refer to master
-	Screen Hints
-	Login Screen (replace the 2 icons with single toggle)
-	Color Picker
-	Addon UI

---

## [2013-11-04 12:50] eso

picking up where I left off. Moving master control panel master to pregame menu

---

## [2013-11-04 12:52] eso

there's an item tooltip meeting tomorrow afternoon. I need to get my material prepared for it. Need to finish menu stuff today, but can no doubt get my revisions completed tonight/tomorrow am for presentation

---

## [2013-11-04 13:00] eso

making some modifications to styleguide - extreme use case example
-	multiple irreplaceable enchants
-	set membership
-	traits
-	usage requirement
-	flavor text
-	crafted by...

---

## [2013-11-04 14:14] eso

finished refinement pass for basic tooltip design. I'll still need to account for Veteran items. How is this currently being done? Need to ask Ed to show me Veteran level item.

---

## [2013-11-04 15:05] eso

cleaned up presentation of Alchemy agents

---

## [2013-11-04 15:18] eso

still cleaning up presentation of Alchemy agents. Need to wrap this up for now and move back over to menu system

---

## [2013-11-04 15:42] eso

Just one more thing before going on - metal traits items and blacksmith materials

ITEM TOOLTIP NOTES
-	added quantity to title
-	not always clear what is intended to be flavor text and what is intended to be a description of the item
	-	"Used by Metalworkers" seems qualitatively different than "Use to enhance armor"
-	need to recreate block diagram that I'd previously made describing the order of elements in a tooltip
	-	Add trait block
	-	Add description/usage block
	-	Add inventory count block

---

## [2013-11-04 16:29] eso

its looking like I'm going to be spending most if not all of the day on this tooltip related material. I'm currently auditing specific cases related to crafting.

---

## [2013-11-04 18:12] eso

created 1st pass of a layout strategy diagram that shows block diagram of an item tooltip and potential values that fill the blocks

---

## [2013-11-04 19:17] eso

finished layout strategy diagram. Need to think about what needs to be conveyed in the revised style guide
WHO ARE THE CUSTOMERS & WHAT DO THEY NEED
-	Editorial
	-	Need to know how to create well-formed sentences and statements
-	Content
	-	Need to know that data is entered appropriately when authoring items
-	Engineering
	-	Consistent layout and formatting intent for all item types

---

## [2013-11-04 19:53] eso

I'm collating a list of all item types that I've come across while auditing the game

IDENTIFIED ITEM TYPES
Enchantment
Food
Armor
Weapon
Potion
Trophy
Ram (Siege)
Ring
Weapon Trait
Solvent
Armor Trait
Weapon Trait
Reapair Kit (Tool)
Soul Gem
Material (Blacksmith)
Lockpick (Tool)
Reagent
Bait
Raw Material (clothier)
Raw material (Blacksmith)
Enchanting Rune (aspect)
Enchanting Rune (essence)
Ingredient
Raw Material (woodworker)
Style material
Ingredient (Tannin)
Ingredient (Provisioner)
Additives (wood)
Material (clothier)
Material (blacksmith)
Weapon/Armor Additives (traits)
Recipe
Contract
Siege Weapon
Soul Gem
Mount
Quest item

AGENDA
-	Talk about problem cases I'm currently seeing in the game, and point out my solutions to them, expressed as layout templates

-	Discuss the layout strategy I've taken
	-	Block diagram shows placement of content
	-	Visual reference from Skyrim
	-	Everything center aligned
	-	Paragraphs instead of lists

-	Use cases for items identified from auditing the game

OUTCOME
-	revised editorial to support the design
-	revised content authoring to support the design
-	iterate the game implementation to support the game

---

## [2013-11-05 02:00] eso

looking through the categores I created, there are additional items to place, especially with regard to crafting
-	Raw Materials
-	Materials
-	Weapon/Armor Additives

VETERAN ITEMS
-	Need to capture iconography usage for Veteran items

There are also some pages that can be removed, such as Item comparisons and the various sketch pages I used to think the problem through

---

## [2013-11-05 10:47] eso

CRAFTING SYTSEM TOOLTIP NOTES FROM FOCUS TESTING

GLOBAL
-	For all usable/equipable items, call out usage notes: ‘Double Click to X’ (Learn/Eat/Read/etc.)
-	Tooltips need to indicate how many of an item you have in inventory (and bank?) when purchasing.
-	Add the name of the system to which the item is used to the item type tagline
	-	Provisioning Ingredient

x PROVISIONING
It’s not really clear to me that a recipe is something you learn.
x	Right now, the way the tooltip is conveyed makes it come across as something I need to have either on me, or placed into a slot in the provisioner window
x	Need to call out if a recipe has already been learned (or not)

x	We’re showing several concepts all at once in the tooltip which makes it feel a bit clunky
	x	your current ingredients
		x	 remove these
	x	passive skill requirements on making items
	x	what the net result of the item that it makes grants you.
	x	This feels like it should be just what the item creates and what the skill requirements are to make the item.

	x	It is not clear why there are why ingredients and green ingredients. Just make them all white.

ENCHANTMENT
-	replace references to "deconstruction" with "construction" to match what is stated in the Crafting Panel
-	We dont need usage notes: "can be used on all weapons" as usage is already stated in the upper left tagline


ASPECT IMPROVEMENT TOOLTIPS
-	collate examples from game
-	add nomenclature
	-	For Provisioning
		-	"can use <green>Standard</green> Recipies"
	-	For Enchanting
		-	"can use <green>Standard</green> Aspect Runestones"

GLYPHS
-	"Glyphs need better tooltips"
	-	unclear what that means

---

## [2013-11-05 15:54] eso

I compiled and audited as much informaton as I could for item tooltips. About to step into a meeting on the subject. Be firm, dont ask, but listen. These guys are on your side.

---

## [2013-11-05 18:11] eso

looking back at the game menu prototype for a moment. Here's what needs to happen for completion:
x	fix keybind tab interactions on character select and ingame menu
	x	make "general" tab selected by default on entry
x	add black bkg to simulate munged bkg treatment to menu & panels
x	move setttings panel master to pregame menu
	x	connect settings panel interactions
x	place Character Select level/name/stats on that page
x	place screen hints on each page where applicable
	x	provide an UNDO function
-	finish color picker dialog
-	finish add-ons design
-	modify login screen to use a single icon to repereset trusted/public computer state
-	Credits template
	-	can this be made to scroll?
-	Purge any unused assets - scene is getting very large

---

## [2013-11-06 15:05] eso

collated and categorized the flat list of Skyrim credits handed to me. Starting to lay them out in Axure

---

## [2013-11-06 16:18] eso

continuing to work on credits. other layouts are possible, but choosing the minimal one

---

## [2013-11-06 22:25] eso

continuing work on credits. I have 1 panel placed in the display panel, and can possibly make it scroll. Curious to test out the idea I had to make it do so, but for presentation I'm just using Skyrim data and chunking it into categories. The questions I'll ask when showing the gfx and spreadsheet tomorrow are:
-	which of these categories don't apply
-	which categories are missing
-	who can provide this information
-	who will be populating the categories with ESO data
-	how does Nathan need this data formed? markup?

---

## [2013-11-06 23:09] eso

finished credits layout
-	for tomorrow spec the type to use existing font nomenclature
-	distribute to appropriate people, include Nathan on the thread
-	discuss during UI style review, distribute documentation prior to that

---

## [2013-11-07 10:12] eso

working on color picker. dont spend a long timeon this. You've already got the basics mocked up.

---

## [2013-11-07 10:16] eso

need to clean up JIRA for game menu task. During SCRUM have the following marked complete
-	Game Menu: Credits (design)
-	Game Menu: Options (design)
-	Game Menu: Controls (keybinds/mouse options)

move to in-progress
-	Game Menu: Addons (3h)

TODO:
-	Color picker design
	-	I want to see what the current color is
	-	I want to see what the new color is
	-	I want to choose colors interactively using HSV
	-	I want to be able to enter color values directly
	-	I want to see my coor changes in context
	-	I want to be able to reset an individual swatch to its default color


-	Add-Ons design
-	Game Menu	(document on confluence)
-	Item Tooltip styleguide (document on )

---

## [2013-11-07 12:52] eso

I'd overlooked the presence of the menu on Character Create. Including that now

---

## [2013-11-07 13:21] eso

making note of the different states * interactions available
-	player must create character before proceeding
-	player has characters, wants to create new one

---

## [2013-11-07 13:22] eso

game is updating. need to put character creation menu task aside for the moment, return to color picker

---

## [2013-11-07 13:32] eso

argh meeting

---

## [2013-11-07 14:55] eso

got some more work in on the color picker. just need to sit with it uniterrupted for an hour or so

---

## [2013-11-07 22:11] eso

finalized 1st pass of color picker design with 3 variations of increasing complexity. sending over to Chris to see what he thinks. I'm sure we'll go with version 2, as its the simplest to implement, but felt like it was due diligence to provide a more fully featured version 3

---

## [2013-11-08 15:04] eso

designed the fuck out of the color picker with mechanics for how the color swatches & add button work. Chris is in favor of it, as am I, however tech is likelyt to push back on the design as being larger than a mere reskin. I've asked Marc to provide mockups.

---

## [2013-11-08 15:05] eso

Moving on to documenting the Item Tooltip revisions in confluence

---

## [2013-11-08 16:41] eso

just started working on confluence documentation

---

## [2013-11-10 22:05] eso

Finished documenting item tooltips. I think pretty comprehensively. Looking at the menu use case for character create

---

## [2013-11-10 23:15] eso

I looked through character create and character select. The only issues I'm seeing are that the labels "Back" & "Exit" may be problematic. Will look further into it tomorrow. As far as the menu item in Character Create goes:
1. On first time in, when you go directly to this screen, the menu should state "Exit"
2. Subsequently, the only way to get to Character Create is to slect "Create" from Character Select. When you get to thgis screen in this way, there should be either:

RESUME (returns to character select)
EXIT (exits to pregame menu)

RESUME (returns to character select)

---

## [2013-11-11 16:28] eso

picking up the edits to the prototype Andy & I discussd this am
-	Character Create (initial) menu options
	x	create menu stack
		x	wire up menu stack
	x	remove chaff assets
	-	add screen hints/buttons
-	Character Create menu options
	x	create menu stack
		x	wire up menu stack
	x	remove chaff assets
	-	add screen hints/buttons
x	Integrate color picker (static gfx) into prototype
x	Integrate modal dialogs into the prototype
	x	Quit Game
	x	Logout to Character Select
	-	Apply changes?
-	Wireframes for Add-Ons
	-	non interactive wireframes
		-	simple option
			-	does not allow an "all characters" option only lets you work on characters add-on assignments individually
			-	includes use case for load out of date add-ons
		-	fully featured option
			-	includes use case for "all characters"
				-	allows global & granular activation/deactivation of addons
			-	includes system messages tab
			-	includes use case for load out of date add-ons
-	Hint Bar
	-	Reset Defaults is always available
	-	Revert is available if an option has been changed
	-	Apply is available if an option requires reloading the UI
	-	A modal dialog stating "Would you like to apply your changes? Yes/No" is made available if you exit a menu panel without applying a change that needed to be applied

---

## [2013-11-12 13:41] eso

I just took a detailed look at the current state of the console build. Its not as far along as I had ben led to believe and there's plenty of room for strategy, direction, exploration and design. Some preliminary notes:

OVERALL IMPRESSIONS
The design is scaled for sitting 1 foot away from the monitor (as if it was on a PC). I was sitting about 3 feet away from the screen
- had a hard time connecting visual elements
	-	nameplates/healthbars
	-	hint bar
	-	controller icons in panels
-	had a hard time reading text
-	not seeing strong pathways for my eye to follow, instead my eyes (and hands) are unsure of themselves
	-	by comparison, one of the strongest features of the PC UI is the consistency of placement for all elements. This has naturally been reinforced by experience, but I recall it being one of my initial comments to Chris during my interview
-	My gut feeling is that we need to show less at one time. Due to usage context and viewing distance, a TV and computer monitor of equivalent size and resolution are different animals (provide diagram to illustrate point of sharp display all over vs eyescanning a point of interest with everything else blurred out)


IN-WORLD
-	The compass works and feels better using a game controller than it does using a mouse on the PC
-	Player nameplates feel wrong. may be due to positioning & size, but is also related to typography isses


INVENTORY
-	I'm not sure this approach to inventory will work as designed. Given that inventory management for players, vendors and loot is such a key part of the game, I feel that it would be worthwhile to explore other approaches.
	-	Should probably use a different paradigm than is used on the PC build
		-	Tooltips feel extremely detached from item listing
		-	Unclear how item comparison will be managed
	-	I generally like how equipped items are arranged about the character model
		-	See CONTROL SCHEME notes
			-	Unclear how to switch between viewing inventory & viewing equipped geart

ABILITIES
-	Interesting approach to Abilities that feels less generalized than the PC build
	-	Is not clear that the linear approach being taken here fully matches the system model of progression. Did not spend enough time with it to examine further
	-	Overall feels "twitchy", and not in a positive sense
	-	Ability purchase presents a second view of Abilities that feels disconnected from Ability Preview

CONTROL SCHEME
-	As a first time user, the control scheme defies expectations I've become used to
	-	Back/EXIT is implemented inconsistently. It should, in all cases, be a single button, most likely (B)
-	Scrolling with the analog stick is useful, but need to provide redundant method of scrollong with the DPAD in all cases
-	There are a few cases such as skills & inventory where sub-menuing is being introduced to expose top-level categories
	-	filtering an inventory list using a submenu increases perceived complexity and removes players from the the reasons they've opened the panel in the first place
	-	In these cases, I feel it is more useful to use a "tabbed" behavior instead, where LB/RB are used to move between tabs (common to many games)

GAME MENU
-	I would prefer not to design the top-level navigation system as a circle
	-	Adding and removing items from the menu becomes problematic, as the circular form implies symmetry
	-	Radial menus are more effectively used "on the fly" to maintain immersion
			-	Features such as using quickslots or selecting abilities will work well in radial form
				-	In these cases, using a"twitchy" control is a benefit
	-	I feel like the radial form is an indirect way to accomplish entry into high level system features
		-	Relies too heavily on icons
			-	Would probably become second nature after repeated use
	-	I did not feel like I was in contol of the menu, I had to make an effort to use it
		-	I needed to use 2 hands to operate the menu
			-	While I'm not against using 2 hands to manipulate the interface, I feel the technique is misplaced in this context
	-	As a right handed person, the radial menu navigation scheme felt like it was designed for someone left-handed
		-	I feel that the design shouldn't reflect "handedness" at all


HINT BAR
	-	Items on the hint bar are clustered as though their positioning was relevant to their usage
		- For console UI, ordering is relevant to usage (i.e. the cancel/back/negative choice is consistently ordered on the left or right) however position is irrelevant - those choices are all equally available
			-	When looked at from a distance, I felt like my available options were spread apart and I had to work to find them
			-	Would prefer to see these options clustered together, so they can be parsed as a single  group
		-	By comparison, On the PC build, the position of an item on the hint bar actually is relevant to its usage. Although keybinds are widely available, when the mouse is used, it must physically travel to the target. We exploit consistent positioning to build muscle memory

VISUAL DESIGN
	-	A number of stylistic elements have been introduced into this design that have no equivalent in the existing visual language. In some cases, I think these look interesting, in other cases, not so interesting
	-	TOOLTIPS
		-	The ornamentation that has been placed around tooltips adds an interesting flavor, however, I feel it is generically "Medieval" and does not reference the rich history/lore of the world.
		-	The ornamentation used here feels "feminine", when I'd prefer it wasn't gendered at all, or was relevant to racial elements in the existing lore

	-	DIAGONAL FRAMING OF CONTROL PANELS
		-	There's a framing device being used for panels that introduces a strong diagonal element
			-	Feels very out of place - verging on a science fiction idiom
			-	I dont feel we should go there
				-	I understand why this device is being used to encapsulate text labels and controls
				-	I feel that other possibilities can be explored

	-	TYPOGRAPHY
		- 	lacks visual presence and hierarchy
		-	increases perceived complexity
		-	Strongly suggest legibility testing to determine appropriate parameters for a body font, and go no smaller than that

CHAT & FRIENDS
	-	As a social game, these features are the core upon which everything else is based, otherwise this is a single player game with social features tacked on.
	-	Unclear at this time how we will accomodate & include OS level friend & chat features


TODO: PROPOSE STRATEGIC SOLUTIONS FOR THE PROBLEMS YOU IDENTIFIED

---

## [2013-11-12 14:33] eso

working on Add-Ons design. What's missing?
-	what happens when I view out of date add-ons?
-	tabbed view between configure & system log
-	use case for showing global view of add-ons assignment

Who is it for:
-	Marc needs to do visual design pass
-	Andy/Nathan need to scope & implement

---

## [2013-11-12 15:04] eso

MENU FEEDBACK

-	Is possible to put character info centered over the Player Character's head?

---

## [2013-11-12 16:16] eso

working on add-ons as a static wireframe. I'm getting very hung up on the interactivity and its blocking me from designing it

---

## [2013-11-12 18:34] eso

I've completed the wireframing for a plausible design of configuration. Need to do a second pass on this to:
-	show out of date addons
-	show what happens when I globally disable
-	show what happens when I granularly disable
-	show system log

---

## [2013-11-13 09:39] eso

need to get the add-ons design ready for review. Here are the use cases to show:
-	view for a specific character
	x	collapsed
	x	expanded
-	view for all characters
	x	collapsed
	x	expanded
	-	show what happens when I disable granular
	-	whow what happens when I disable global
-	system log
	-	all addons loaded ok
	-	some addons did not load
-	how do out of date add-ons appear
-	layout use cases into presentation gfx

---

## [2013-11-13 14:54] eso

reviewed design with Chris. He feels its solid. Pointed out a couple of places where there may be some indeterminacy which I'm addressing right now

---

## [2013-11-13 16:44] eso

documenting Addon manager on confluence. Need to seperate the design clearly into shipping features and tier 1 features

---

## [2013-11-14 10:05] eso

spoke with Nathan about add-on manager. There's no need for the system log tab I designed. all messages are logged into the UI Error dialog. Removing that from my design

---

## [2013-11-14 10:29] eso

need to make modifications to add-on manager such that the use case for all-characters can be accomodated in a simpler/more compact manner

---

## [2013-11-14 10:57] eso

x	speak w Sam about edits to provisioning items
-	speaks with Lee about edits to alchemy items


OPTIONS MENU FEEDBACK 1

MENU STACK
-	font size for submenus is too small
	- currently using 18px font, should use 20px
-	scrollbar is appearing. shouldnt

ON/OFF SWITCHES
-	increase hit area of on/off switches to take up full row
-	when in disabled state, these controls need to be dim
	-	when hovering over disabled state, need to see widget brighten
-	when in enabled state, these colors need to be bright
	-	when hovering over enabled state, these colors need to be brighter

DROPDOWNS
-	text color in dropdown needs to be the gold color, rather than white

ALERTS
-	move "alert" icon to left of widgets
	-	alert icon asset is lopsided. need art update

UI TOOLTIPS
-	tooltips feel disconnected from where my mouse is

CHAT WINDOW
	chat window collides with in-game menu stack
	-	possible to hide chat when in the menu?



ALCHEMICAL ITEM EDITORIAL
-	unknown traits
	-	instead of listing "???" show "unknown"
-	in all cases, descriptions should not be written as calls to action, unless the item can be directly used from the inventory UI

---

## [2013-11-14 12:07] eso

compiling option menu feedback for discussion w Andy
x	need to speak to Nathan about credits
x	need to speak to Andy about options menu
x	need to speak to Lee about alchemy tooltips
x	need to revise Add-ons design
-	need to update set item bonus callout system for tooltips
	x	verify with Andy how he processes set information programmatically
-	need to create responsive layout guide to standardize menu placement at different screen sizes
	-	distribute to Any, Nathan, Marc, Chris, Mark
-	compile spreadsheet of menu options for Wynne to create tooltip descriptions for
-	distribute console UI audit notes to Matt Firor, Paul, Chris, Rick(?)
	-	result: assigned responsibilities and ownership of console UI design

OPTIONS MENU FEEDBACK 2
-	move "alert" icon to left of widget stack
-	for widget stacks that invoke a scrollbar, add some extra vertical padding, so they scroll further up
-	need to standardize menu placement
	-	speak with Nathan about strategy for multimonitor/windowed display support
-	all settings need tooltips
	-	placement discussed and implemented by Andy yesterdya
	-	create spreadsheet of all options to pass to Wynne
-	placement of apply/cancel should be reversed to reflect COMFIRM/CANCEL pattern
	-	should we be showing keybinds on this screen
-	"Back" in character slect should state "Exit"
-


Options menu notes
Where do menus and option stacks appear onscreen?
Is this the same place that login information appears?

-	we dont support full screen display on multiple monitors
	-	windows can be stretched across multiple monitors

Allies within 10m gain 10% increased effect from Healing

---

## [2013-11-15 13:17] eso

working on set item tooltip update.

---

## [2013-11-15 14:26] eso

maybe done with redesigning set bonuses. Need to show variations to others get some consensus
	-	ask Chris
	-	ask Andy

---

## [2013-11-15 15:02] eso

getting latest build. need to do menu placement strategy review

---

## [2013-11-15 15:13] eso

unable to login to current build on BVT

---

## [2013-11-15 17:53] eso

revising addon manager design to account for dependencies
-	what if its out of date AND has a dependency?

---

## [2013-11-15 19:52] eso

simplified addon manager further. wondering if it even needs capacity to sort?

---

## [2013-11-18 22:06] eso

revisiting addons and summarizing whats being implemented and what I've learned about them

IS THE ADDON INSTALLED CORRECTLY?
If an addon appears in the addon list then it means the addon has been installed correctly
When a user enables an addon he is saying "I would like to load this addon"
	- this does not mean the addon will be loaded

IS THE ADDON REALLY ENABLED
An addon must be enabled for it to be loaded into the game
If the switch next to an addon is "ON" then the addon is enabled for loading
	-	the game will attempt to load this addon
If the switch next to an addon is "OFF" then the addon is disabled for loading
	-	the game will not attempt to load this addon

If an addon is shown in red there is a problem
	-	there may be a dependency
		-	the game will be unable to load this addon until the dependency is resolved
			-	when the dependency is resolved is the addon enabled or disabled?
				-	I took the time to resolve the dependency, so I expect that it will be enabled. I can always choose to disable it if thats not what I want
	-	the addon is out of date
		-	the game will be unable to load this addon unless the "load out of date" addons checkbox is selected
			-	when I allow out of date addons, are those addons enabled or disabled?
				-	Those addons may not actually load despite allowing them
				-	There may be many out of date addons in the list
				-	Some of those out of date addons may have dependencies
				-	It is safest if out of date addons default to disabled when I allow them. I can activate them individually if I choose to

---

## [2013-11-19 13:18] eso

busy morning making my will tangible by reviewing updated addons manager design with Andy & Chris and speaking with jared about consolue UI development. Informal interviews with content QA about what they'd like to see in the compass. Lots of feedback, some of which is immediately actionable

COMPASS FEEDBACK

"I lose track of where my friends and foes are when in boss battles"

"sometimes I lose my bearings and I dont know where I am"

In general people liked how quests work - points of interests, breadcrumbing

"Quests you can pick up and next steps look too similar"
(do they?)
"Door pins dont read well. shape is hard to distinguish"
(basically, its a door shape, but maybe some detail on the edges like little bricks?"


Chris mentioned breadcrumbing for when group members are in different areas

"wish I could see more stuff"
"if I could see more I'd feel more like I was in the world"
"doesnt communicate enough to the player"
"I don't always notice when a point of interest is above or below me. I wish the icon could tell me this"


"Its hard for me to tell how far away points of interest really are"
"more situational awareness when I approach things"
"could we add numeric distances to points of interest that I'm facing?"
"I never know where I am because as soon as I approach a location, its name is removed from the compass"
	- can the name of an area persist seperately from the compass?

several people mentioned that they wish they could set custom waypoints
	- another guy wanted to share waypoints with his guild so they could be directed to specific locations
several people mentioned that they wanted to filter icons on the compass to show as much or as little detail as they wanted






ACTIONABLE DESIGN ITEMS
-	I'm unable to see friends or foes when behind me
	-	one approach to solving this is to have the compass behave as though there is a horizontal split through the middle.
		-	friends and foes in front of me appear on the top
		-	friends and foes behind me appear on the bottom
	- friends and foe icons will need to be changed to a form that hugs the edge of the compass (triangular)

-	Its not obvious where my friends or group members are
	-	do they not show up on the compass by design?
		-	if so, why?

-	place greater emphasis on "North"
	-	The intent here is to provide a visual anchor that helps orient players
		-	this is a srtandard that appears on military HUD's
	-	de-emphasize E,W, & S by using smaller font?
	-	add additional gfx to north that overlaps compass edge so that particular direction is clearly visible




-	alter the sizes/alpha/coefficients of compass icons so that distance-driven effects are more exaggerated
	-	Not seeing a problem here. They seem well tuned

-	the glows around new quest icons (what are these technically called  - Quest Offers?) are misleading when viewed side by side with the quest icon I'm currently tracking


- when locations are behind me, I see them behave erraticaly on the compass, any slight movement sends them sliding around then they disappear. can we just not show locations if they're outside ny field of view?





COMPASS TERMINOLOGY
Objective
Point of Interest (POI)

Player
Group
Corpse
Quest Offer
Quest COmplete
Quest Talk To
Quest Interact
Assisted Quest Condition
Assisted Quest optional condition
Assisted Quest Ending
Tracked Quest Condition
Tracked Quest Optional Condition
Tracked Quest Ending
POI Seen
POI COmplete
Flag (Alliance Name)
Flag Base (Alliance Name)
Return (Alliance Name)
Ball (Alliance Name)
Capture Flag (Alliance name)
Half Capture Flag (Alliance Name)
Artifact Offensive (Alliance Name)
Artifact Defensive (Alliance Name)
Artifact Return (Alliance Name)
Keep Neutral
Keep (Alliance Name)
Outpost (Neutral)
Outpost (Alliance Name)
Farm (Neutral)
Farm (Alliance Name)
Mine (Neutral)
Mine (Alliance Name)
Mill (Neutral)
Mill (Alliance Name)
Border Keep (Alliance Name)
Artifact Keep (Alliance Name)
Artifact Gate Open (Alliance Name)
Artifact Gate Closed (Alliance Name)
Keep Attacked Large
Keep Attacked Small
Location
Harvest Node
Vendor
Trainer
NPC_Follower
Ping
Rally point
Tri Battle Small
Tri Battle Medium
Tri Battle Large
Alliance vs Alliance small
Alliance vs Alliance Medium
Alliance vs Alliance Large
Fast Travekl Keep Accessible
Fast Travel BNorder Keep Accessible
Fast Travel Outpost Accessible
Fast Travel Wayshrine
Fast Travel Wayshrine Undiscovered
Fast Travel Wayshrine Current Location
Forward Camp (Alliance Name)
Forward Camp Accessible
Keep Graveyard Accessible
Pin Glow
Aggro
Player Camera

---

## [2013-11-20 07:58] eso

OPTIONS MENU NOTES
-	check in with Andy what he's working on today
	-	menu tooltips
		-	set y offset so it is a bit further from the cursor
			-	would like it to align with bottom of a dropdown above current cursor position
			-	what if: tooltips were a fixed width regardless of content, and that width was equal to the width of the control panel?
	-	for panels that scroll, need to add additional vertical padding, so the last item in the scroll doesnt get stuck at the bottom of the panel
-	create spreadsheet of sample tooltip text to hand off to Wynne for editorial

COMPASS
-	ask Dan for walkthrough of the compass icon scaling tool in-game
x	collate compass notes and go over these with Chris
	-	next steps?

x	get PSD files that Chris has been using to design crafting systems
	-	bring these into After Effects for anim previs

---

## [2013-11-20 11:44] eso

chatted w Chris at length about the issues he wants to fix with the compass
they come down to making state changes of quest iconography more obvious:
Focused/Not Focused
Current/Available
Discovered/Not Discovered
Glowing/Not Glowing

Define these states further before proceeding.

What does FOCUSED mean?
	I can accept multiple quests and may be working through several of then at a given time, however only one of those is tracked by the quest tracker UI. I am able to cycle through the questslines I've already accepted. The one shown in the Quest Tracker is the focused one

what does AVAILABLE mean?
	Quests can be picked up or continued anywhere. Any given area may be populated with:
		Quest objectives for my FOCUSED quest
		Quest objectives for a quest I accepted but that isnt currently FOCUSED
		Quest givers for new quests
	Each of these cases describe AVAILABLE quests

what does DISCOVERED mean?
	UNDISCOVERED locations show up on the compass when they're nearby (colored black)
	A location is DISCOVERED when you actually visit the place (colored white)

A quest can be either NEW or CURRENT
	An CURRENT quest may be ACTIVE or FOCUSED

A location can either be NEW or DISCOVEREDnew

Does NEW == NEW? yes
Does DISCOVERED == ACTIVE? yes

---

## [2013-11-20 16:43] eso

on the path to figuring out the compass iconcurrent problem that Chris posed. It was so simple after all. maybe.

what does a quest step for an unfocused quest look like?
-	it can't be black - because that language states its undiscovered/new
-	can it use the same icon as focused quest step?


Visual language
NEW/DISCOVERED		(black with white outline)
FOCUSED
UNFOCUSED
COMPLETED			(white with black outline)

---

## [2013-11-21 11:18] eso

working on compass iconography. gettingthere. Will review w Chris later

---

## [2013-11-21 13:26] eso

solid iconography iteration1, but noticing that the "dim" grey I'm using for unfocused vs white I'm using for focused becomes indeterminate when the icons are less than 100% opaque

---

## [2013-11-21 15:08] eso

having seriously hard time distinguishing focused vs. unfocused state using luminance. doing what I can, bit not perfect. changing the shape doesnt work well either

---

## [2013-11-21 15:27] eso

changing the coor of the glow from blue-ish to white made a significant difference. working on cleaning up strokes now

---

## [2013-11-21 18:24] eso

now its starting to happen. no fake glowy states. solid looking. clearly delineated

---

## [2013-11-22 14:51] eso

reviewed compass iconography w Chris - he's on board. So is Dan, who showed me how to swap asset into the game in a local build
-	he asked me to look at emphasizing the framing glow fx that happen when entering an area quest zone
-	he asked me to look a how we present group members in game, particularly bwhen behind doors
	-	is there a more refined way to do this> or is it OK as is?


ASSUMING THAT YOU"RE USING THE DEVELOPMENT CLIENT

MAKE YOUR EDITS HERE
C:\Program Files (x86)\Zenimax Online\The Elder Scrolls Online Internal\Development\game\client\unpacked

USE STRUCTURE FROM HERE
C:\Program Files (x86)\Zenimax Online\The Elder Scrolls Online Internal\Development\game\editor\unpacked

CREATE THE NECESSARY FOLDERS USING THE COMPARISON AS REFERENCE
EsoUI\Art\Compass

SAVE YOUR EDITED FILES TO THE NEW FOLDERS

/ReloadUI in game to see your edits

---

## [2013-11-22 21:27] eso

reinstalling client at home, was not seeing the same directories on this install as I was at work

---

## [2013-11-23 18:10] eso

for some reason, seeing the same problem I was getting at work. When I replace an icon and then reloadui it doesnt appear in game

---

## [2013-11-23 18:16] eso

observed: when i delete the compass in the work folder I created, I dont see any of them on the compass at all
conclusion: the game is reading compass icons from the folder I created

---

## [2013-11-23 18:30] eso

observed: when I delete the entire unpacked folder that I'd created in the client directory, the game reads icons from the unpacked folder in the editor directory

---

## [2013-11-23 19:21] eso

inspected the existing dds files to see if resaving them to that format eliminate sth issues I've had with them showing up in-game

quest_icon.dds	64 x 64	DXT5	MipMap 1/1

---

## [2013-11-23 19:30] eso

success. It seems the file needs to be resaved in its original format. Testing thattherory by resaving in a different format

---

## [2013-11-23 19:33] eso

resaved as 32bit A8R8R8B8 and did not see icon in-game

---

## [2013-11-23 19:34] eso

resaved as DXT1 RGB and saw expected output in-game

---

## [2013-11-23 19:36] eso

resaved as DXT1 ARGB and did not see output in game

---

## [2013-11-23 19:37] eso

resaved as DXT3 and saw expected output

---

## [2013-11-23 19:41] eso

resaved after processing alpha and leaving gfx layered as DXT3 and did not see output

---

## [2013-11-23 19:42] eso

resaved after flattening and saw expected output

---

## [2013-11-24 16:36] eso

I really thought I had these icon states figured, out but not so happy with what I'm seeing in game

when I look at UI icon states I see:
Current/Selected = White
Active/Selactable = Gold

Why is it again, that I dont what to use a black icon with white stroke?
-	because that communicates undiscovered
-	a quest that I'm not currently following is by definition, discovered
	-	it just isn't being followed
	-	a color change isnt a big enough difference, there needs to be shape change as well
		-	a current (unfocused) quest needs to be somehow less than a focused one

---

## [2013-11-25 12:04] eso

worked out a method for integrating "+" into quest iconography. looks good

---

## [2013-11-25 12:06] eso

these icons in general aren't snapping to the pixel grid as well as I'd like. Will cleanup after getting them in for review

---

## [2013-11-25 12:53] eso

Jesus. another meeting.

---

## [2013-11-25 17:03] eso

this iconography is really vexing
everything I throw at it seems like a half measure and doesnt work as fully as I;d like
what am I missing?

---

## [2013-11-27 13:27] eso

refined icon vectors so they snap to pixel grid

---

## [2013-11-30 12:55] eso

the shader hack that color corrects in-world icons is no longer working

TO-DO
-	Shader bar is too thin, make it same texture style as other meters
-	Experiment with different frame graphics
-	take screen captures for modified compass layout
	-	does there need to be a compass frame at all? could it sit on top of
		-	nothing
		-	"munge-y" bkg graphics?

---

## [2013-11-30 13:03] eso

reinstalling dev and coders to see if that clears up the issue with in-world color correwction
running build by remoting into desktop at the office to see if the color correction is an issue there
updating dev client on remote machine

---

