# Raw Entries for March 2013

**Total Entries:** 14
**Projects:** skinjester.com work

---

## [2013-03-01 11:00] skinjester.com work

back to work after a brief diversion into Unity and photogrammetry! Next step is to indent the left edge of entry description to match revised left edges of everything else. I increased this value from 0 so that all link backgrounds, particularly the tags could have some room to breath rather than being flush lefgt Now that the macintosh is online, I am interested in using a shared repository so that I can work independently on either machine without doing file transfers over dropbok manually.

---

## [2013-03-02 05:54] skinjester.com work

finished setting up repository on dropbox and working copies on the macbook and Win8 machines. tested and verified a workflow to work independently on either machine. My one concern with it is that it isnt obvious when files have changed, and the working copy needs to be updated before usage to make sure the latest version is synced

---

## [2013-03-02 14:40] skinjester.com work

there is a flashing border on the footer during pageload (observed on osx)

---

## [2013-03-04 07:21] skinjester.com work

cleaning up CSS to gain better control over left edge and eliminate extraneous content wrappers

/* anything assigned this class has a border offset from the left edge */
.viewport

---

## [2013-03-04 19:15] skinjester.com work

I'm working on the footer playing with identities, just cracked open a beer. This is the part of a project that attract me like a moth to a bright light. What more could be added, how does it justify itself, how wonderful it is to find surprises in something I thought I knew so well. An about page. I feel more like that's something I need to add, but how? As a link? Or can I exploit scrolling to show an about section if you scroll down far enough on any page?

---

## [2013-03-04 21:22] skinjester.com work

Still working on the footer, have tried many variations and none of it was right. re-addressing the problemand looking at the footer area as a potential call to action ("follow") instead

"Want to know more? Follow [REDACTED]

---

## [2013-03-05 13:31] skinjester.com work

working on method of sticking footer to bottom of page

---

## [2013-03-05 15:01] skinjester.com work

sticky footer placement strategy pays off. interesting contribution to the way it feels

---

## [2013-03-05 19:51] skinjester.com work

adding icons from spritesheet to footer links

---

## [2013-03-06 11:59] skinjester.com work

I'm looking into a more functional approach to the footer. I was giving attention to abunch of stuff that doesnt immediately solve user needs. 
2 ways to look at this:

The footer is visual weight used to anchor the content to the page
The footer is a control panel that exposes a behavior relevant to u
The most important behavior expected from the footer is the ability to scroll to the top of the page
	Is it? What about for short pages. The functionality becomes irrelevant there
	Having access to this control only at the bottom of the page is less usefull than having the functionality available at any place on the page while scrolling
that same functionality could be made available at any time by attaching a floating control absolutely positioned to the edge of the browser window

---

## [2013-03-07 10:05] skinjester.com work

finished implementing new footer. much better. noticing some UX issues with the idea of returning to top of page, so will abandon that idea. the better solution is using a fixed header that is always available, or that collapses upon scrolling and expands under mouseover. in any case not relevant to current workflow.

---

## [2013-03-07 13:26] skinjester.com work

I need to make the page a bit wider so that I can apply border styling to images in posts

---

## [2013-03-07 17:22] skinjester.com work

transferring current work to web host

---

## [2013-03-08 14:16] skinjester.com work

added revised favion & identity graphics, replaced most basic font specification with general purpose type classes, cleaned up vertical spacing underneath tag hover states

---

