# Raw Entries for December 2013

**Total Entries:** 90
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2013-12-01 13:20] eso

finished installing dev client seeing if it runs

---

## [2013-12-01 13:33] eso

shader hack is no longer working

---

## [2013-12-01 13:36] eso

just noticed that when I enable the "Simple Shaders" option in the Debuig controls I get the in-world indicator color back

---

## [2013-12-01 13:45] eso

creating a new character for fresh questing

---

## [2013-12-01 15:29] eso

can you create a mockup from screenshots, or whatever in photoshop of what you feel a compass design might look like.

---

## [2013-12-01 18:52] eso

looking at the menu system would really like to iterate upon the design further now that I see it in game

TODO
-	add vertical space between widget groups
	-	modify project and open in Axure
		-	convert project so all collapsibles are open by default

-	can Andy add vertical space to the blocks that trigger a scroll bar so that they can scroll to the center of the block

AGENDA
x	Photoshop mockup of compass visual design revision
-	review compass design with Chris, Marc, Jared, Paul
		-	create packages for icon set C
			-	include map pins
			-	include quest pins
			-	include compass frame
		-	create packages for icon set C
			-	include map pins
			-	include quest pins
			-	include compass frame
		-	create packages for icon set C
			-	include map pins
			-	include quest pins
			-	include compass frame
		-	collate icon sets in reference photoshop file
			-	compass Pins Reference2.psd

		-	continue finding quest scenarios where the compass behaves awkwardly




-	start modifying menu project (Axure)
	-	increase vertical space
	-	clustering of master switch/options groups

-	UI Tooltip audit
	-	screen captures
		-	Achievements
		-	Search game for all instances
			-	check with Chris to see if I've missed anything
	-	create design templates
	-	handoff design templates to Andy

-	Review Alchemy, Provisioning, Enchanting systems for animation opportunities

---

## [2013-12-02 16:13] eso

working on cleaning up achievement tooltip

---

## [2013-12-02 18:00] eso

cleaned up achievement tooltip design, continuing to audit UI tooltips. The Map window tooltips are problematic and will require a closer look, working w Chris

---

## [2013-12-02 18:08] eso

finished screen captures of UI tooltips on main UI panels. Main issue I'm seeing is that tooltip attachment is often inconsistent

---

## [2013-12-03 10:16] eso

finished packaging compass icons
updating dev client
getting ready to present the work for UI style review

---

## [2013-12-03 11:03] eso

review postponed until Thursday, or better yet - grab Jared< Chris & mark later today and have them take a look informally
-	sorta dismayed, but gives me time to prepare tighter use cases and also suggest improvements to the design of the quest tracker

---

## [2013-12-03 13:54] eso

starting crafting playthrough research before diving further into UI tooltip revision work

ALCHEMY NOTES

---

## [2013-12-03 14:43] eso

item tooltips for crafting have questionable formatting. Item properties are being treated as flavor text. If it is flavor text, it is positioned improperly. If it isn't flavor text, its using the wrong font
-	need to collate examples found in-game per system
-	need to provide example of appropriate layout

WRONG	Alchemy additives & Ingredients
RIGHT	Traits
WRONG	Metal Ingredients
WRONG	Leather Ingredients
RIGHT	Leather Additives
WRONG	Cloth Additives
WRONG	Cloth Ingredients
(cant tell on Dev, try coders) Wood Additives
WRONG	Wood Ingredients
WRONG	Enchant Potency
WRONG	Enchant Essence
WRONG	Enchant Aspects
WRONG	Provisioner Additives
WRONG	Drink Ingredients
WRONG	Food Ingredients
WRONG	Racial Components
WRONG 	Raw Materials

---

## [2013-12-03 15:41] eso

spoke with Andy about the formatting - he is able to special case such that the proper font is used instead. whew

---

## [2013-12-03 16:10] eso

handed off achievemnet tooltip design to Andy

---

## [2013-12-03 18:17] eso

initial study and notes for alchemy system. maybe some ideas forming?

---

## [2013-12-03 21:11] eso

sketching some ideas for animation support of the crafting systems. I'm associating psuedo-events with sketches of little slices of behavior that add up to making this experience tighter and a bit more fun.
Looking at alchemy again

---

## [2013-12-03 22:04] eso

finished reviewing Enchanting system, I think that for at least those 2 systems a common language can be found. Can that also be applied to provisioning?

---

## [2013-12-03 22:07] eso

will look at provisioning in a minute playing thru with compass tests

---

## [2013-12-03 22:56] eso

too tired to look deeply at provisioning but noticed that drag and drop behavior is more refined here
some oddness with this system, like it shows me options I don't want/can't use. however, overall I think the main ideas of drag and drop/messageflow can work here as well

---

## [2013-12-04 10:14] eso

working through provisioning system to verify that it can work with the animation conceit I'm inventing. I've encapsulated my basic idea for making crafting feel better in a simple phrase - "Think of it as a cash register. It keeps a running log of the things you do and earn"

This solution adresses user needs:
-	as a player I want to review the progress I'm making
	-	how many potions did I create?
	-	how many enchantments did I create?
	-	what have I learned?
	-	how much have I been inspired?

This solution addresses layout needs
-	strongly couples messaging layout with the flow of crafting
-	eliminates need for modal dialogs when new things are learned

---

## [2013-12-04 12:31] eso

Ridiculous level of resistance to my ideas, but not for the right reasons. It seems pretty obvious to me that these systems need history. It seems pretty obvious to me that item lists and drop targets feel lifeless. It seems obvious to me that the question about what kind of animation should we do to artifically lengthen the crafting process is either a red herring, or merely a personal opinion.

---

## [2013-12-04 12:51] eso

making simple prototype to demonstrate my idea at this afternoon's creative meeting

---

## [2013-12-04 14:44] eso

worked out progress menu anim when call to action button is pressed
x	place an item (by default) on the crafting table
x	when button is pressed
	x	decrement the count of items on the crafting table
	x	add an item to the creation list

dealing with zero
-	when the number of items on the crafting table is 0 then
	x	hide the item on the crafting table
	x	hide the create button

add an add button
	x clicking this will reset the count of the items on the crafting table

what if there are more than 5 items to show in the output list?
	- uncertain? is it necessary to demonstrate this right now?

x	remove chaff from wireframes

x	add messaging

---

## [2013-12-04 16:22] eso

finished creating very simple prototype that expresses one of the ideas we discussed this morning

---

## [2013-12-04 17:23] eso

wtf. no love for my idea? I'm not seeing that its obviously wrong damn it

---

## [2013-12-04 21:10] eso

needed to take some time and think about my career and what I'm doing here. There's no point feeling bad, or even feeling anything about my idea being rejected. If I cant set the constraints of this design, I can at least anticipate them and work well in the space available.

---

## [2013-12-04 21:12] eso

looking at the compass designs and making notes of scenarios that I've created for different characters

COMPASS USE CASES
-	a character named highlevelother who is an alliance member moving through quest lines in Cyrodil
	-	this use case shows the presence of Alliance Map & Compass icons
	-	in its current state it shows crowding & collision between quest pins and area markers
		-	before entering the area, only the area marker should be shown (not the quest pins)
		-	once you've entered the area, the compass glows, and the pins inside should now be visible

-	a character named Otherself who is friends with Questrix-A
	-	demonstrates in-world friend markers
	-	set up in same location (Auridon) as Questrix
	-	Otherself & Questrix are used together to show different views of the same area

---

## [2013-12-04 21:48] eso

unable to login

---

## [2013-12-04 23:45] eso

logged in

Otherself
-	location: Auridon
-	scenario: good mix of different quest states visible when you login to this character
-	pairs with charactername: Questrix (who is in same location)

---

## [2013-12-05 08:36] eso

installing Flash at home for anim previz work. Not intending to do much if any scripting. Everything hardcoded just to provide examples. It should be easy enough to create specific animations with rich assets from photoshop, but I am wondering how easy it will be to get animation systems happeneing so that full interactions can be previsualized?

---

## [2013-12-05 10:21] eso

installing Flash here at work

---

## [2013-12-05 10:21] eso

updating dev client for compass review

---

## [2013-12-05 10:27] eso

unable to get into dev client. patching coders client. will be unable to demo compass iconography at style meeting. Need to get this reviewed and signed off on today however. Will ask Paul to come by my desk to take a look later on today

---

## [2013-12-05 10:29] eso

need to make a chart of use cases per system that can be supported by UI animation

---

## [2013-12-05 10:31] eso

seeing if I can run BVT client

---

## [2013-12-06 12:07] eso

installed After Effects. Sharing files with marc.
Not sure whats going to happen, but my goal is to generate ideas and differences in this environment. Will see where it goes today.

---

## [2013-12-06 13:28] eso

cleaning up Marc's AE project so I can understand it

---

## [2013-12-06 13:54] eso

isolating the enchanting crafting failure state for a moment.
What am I not seeing?
-	how did the items end up in the crafting slots
-	at the end of a failure pass the ingredients are still on the bench
	-	what happens when ingredients remain on the bench (shown)
	-	what happens when an ingredient is no longer on the bench

What do I want to change?
-	the burst efx cycle can be color coded so that solvents and reagents are colored differently

---

## [2013-12-06 22:56] eso

back in After Effects, still figuring things out

---

## [2013-12-07 00:59] eso

pretty pleased with the outcome of today's AE sessions

---

## [2013-12-09 10:25] eso

ready to go over the flow I came up with for Alchemy crafting win/fail w Chris, Marc, Dan

---

## [2013-12-09 13:13] eso

Reviewed existing work with marc, need to see how it is further generalized in the ENchanting Ui before I feel comfortable selling it

---

## [2013-12-09 13:14] eso

processing Enchanting visual design for import into AE

---

## [2013-12-09 16:30] eso

Continuing to process Enchant visual design
Have revised Enchanting animation several times since arriving this am

---

## [2013-12-09 21:28] eso

processed enchant visual design for AE import
waiting for work files to transfer to my machine
need to be using SyncBack or equivalent to automate this, does not make sense to re-import everything at once like this

---

## [2013-12-09 22:20] eso

the more I look at those flarey transition gfx the less I like them. Would iPhotonic23t be possible to simply fill the icon shapes with black?

x	Alchemy crafting fail
	x	how do traits on reagents transition in/out?
	x	reorganize
		x	commbine ingredients + traits, counters and text labels into their own comps
	-	render for presentation
x	Alchemy crafting win
	-	render for presentation
-	Alchemy add ingredients to bench
-	Alchemy remove ingredients from bench
-	Alchemy ingest reagent fail
-	Alchemy ingest reagent win

---

## [2013-12-10 09:41] eso

need to itemize the Enchantment animations that will be created
need to reference Marcs enchantment previz
patching dev client

x	Enchanting craft new glyph
x	Enchanting craft unknown
x	Enchanting runes translated
-	Deconstruct glyph
-	Add runes to bench
-	Remove runes from bench

---

## [2013-12-10 18:14] eso

work at a different speed. You've got a lot of details now go broader

---

## [2013-12-11 08:39] eso

finishing up deconstruction sequence before heading into the studio

---

## [2013-12-11 17:35] eso

spent the first part of the day refining and unifying my existing work
not happy with where I left off with Deconstruction, so about to start back on that

---

## [2013-12-11 17:36] eso

Did not review the animation work that I had already done today - not feeling that confident about it yet, but getting there. Needs to be reviewed tomorrow

---

## [2013-12-11 17:51] eso

This project is getting large (RAM). Spending rest of my time at the office doing cleanup to optimize

---

## [2013-12-12 13:17] eso

prepared and refactored all existing work to current template, and will show that material to Marc & Chris today

---

## [2013-12-12 13:18] eso

The crafting systems all need major visual design overhaul. I'm pretty certain the design itself is wrong, but at what level? The game design itself is clearly more about the data than an actual fun crafting experience. As I mentioned to Thea, I'm sure we'll redesign it again, this time at the last moment! lol

---

## [2013-12-12 13:19] eso

Looking at some tooltip ugliness in the crating systems, collating examples and providing reference for correcting

---

## [2013-12-13 16:13] eso

working from home todayt
Addressing animation feedback from yesterday

---

## [2013-12-13 16:14] eso

Enchant-Translate TO-DO
x	change hint bar to show only "Clear Selection" when returning from the crafting operation
x	refine glow anim of XP meter
x	reintroduce messaging for item gained
x	show translated runes left over on the bench
x	add item quantity to the ingredient list
x	make the ingredient list update quantity and state when runes have been "used"
x	layout "Runes learned tooltip"

---

## [2013-12-15 15:15] eso

Enchant Deconstruct TO-DO
x	modify list so only items fade
-	modify hint bar
	x	call to action reads "Extract"
	x	upon return to active state there should be no call to action in the hint bar (as there's nothing to operate upon)
	x	modify messaging to match Enchant-Translate
	x	add glow anim to XP meter
	x	remove "inspiration gained" message

---

## [2013-12-16 00:51] eso

wrapped up revisions to the Enchanting animations. Edits to Alchemy are simpler, and will be able to complete them in much less time

---

## [2013-12-16 08:54] eso

ALCHEMY CREATE FAIL
x	remove dissolve transition from hint bar and list during crafting operation stared/end
x	don't fade entire list, just list items
x	remove gfx from behind items on the crafting bench
-	remove inspiration gained message
-	add glow to XP bar when inspiration gained
-	remove "Craft" call to action from hint bar when returning from crafting operation
x	remove Unknown Item tooltip when returning from crafting operation
-	match behavior of items on bench during crafting to what's being done with Enchanting
	-	white glow
	-	add 90% scaling to items on bench when in use

---

## [2013-12-16 17:04] eso

after discussion and revision to enchanting, I'm back on Alchemy
Also loading up photoshop files for smithing, which I will need to start tonight

---

## [2013-12-16 21:59] eso

I'm looking at the current state of the blacksmithing system and I dont understand it, nor do I have time tonight to make progress on it. My best strategy is to update the alchemy animatioons I left off working on and begin working on provisioning

---

## [2013-12-17 01:12] eso

I really cannot stand how this looks and I've put so much of myself into it. feel like I'm going nowhere

---

## [2013-12-17 09:34] eso

looking at it with fresh eyes, its not as hideous as I went to bed thinking. I think that the design itself is a bit awkward, but the best way to work with it is to avoid any "heroics" I remain open to suggestions and ideas. I am feeling funny about not having addressed the smithing system. honestly, I don't know what to do with it. Just deconstructing the photoshop files is labor intensive. Thats the task for today.

---

## [2013-12-17 16:38] eso

Today didnt suck like I thought.
I must start working on the console product.
When.

---

## [2013-12-17 16:39] eso

Calls to action:
x	CRAFT
x	EXIT
x	IMPROVE
x	CLEAR SELECTIONS
x	RESEARCH
x	EXTRACT
x	ADD
x	REMOVE

---

## [2013-12-17 18:09] eso

prepared smithing-create PSD file for import into AE

---

## [2013-12-17 20:46] eso

opened up AE file. figuring out what to do next... how to make it fit the template I defined?

---

## [2013-12-17 22:19] eso

abstracting the animation this time using null objects and expressions with the expectation that having a single set of controls will make it easier to work with the comps

---

## [2013-12-17 22:25] eso

finished applying template to smithing-creation. wondering what more could be added to this. It seemed too easy! Something? Nothing?

---

## [2013-12-18 08:43] eso

Today I'll get some additional smithing animation work done. Processing the photoshop files can be easier as I can flatten the lists - don't need fine grained control over anything except:
-	tooltip
-	list contents
-	messaging

---

## [2013-12-18 08:59] eso

that approcah to working with After Effects using null objects to animate and referencing them with expressions is pretty fucking awesome. Really flexible!

---

## [2013-12-18 10:16] eso

working on processing smithing-improvement photoshop files. need to ask Chris about messaging

---

## [2013-12-18 17:51] eso

revised Alchemy create animation and passed it over to Dan for reference. Changed it so nothing updates (on the bench or the list) until the crafting animation completes

---

## [2013-12-18 17:52] eso

close to finishing animation for Smithing-improvement. USing the null object + expression technique and its so much easier to work out timing when its abstracted like this.

x	update list when re-enabled
	x	created item replaces the item it was crafted from
	x	tempers chart switches to normal state
x	remove items from bench
	x	glow transition out
	x	remove items
x	add messaging

---

## [2013-12-19 10:01] eso

starting on smithing-improvement-fail
review existing smothing anims w Dan, Chris

---

## [2013-12-19 10:23] eso

completed smithing-improvement-fail

---

## [2013-12-19 10:25] eso

processing smithing deconstruct photoshop file

---

## [2013-12-19 12:04] eso

imported smithing deconstruct and setting up in AE
-	place item on the input area
-	dim out the placed item in the ingredient list
-	add keybinds to hint bar

---

## [2013-12-19 14:39] eso

wrapping up basic animation and focusing my eforts on how to do messaging
its a time killer to have to hunt down the gfx assets I need.

---

## [2013-12-19 16:14] eso

animation review went well. working on messaging

---

## [2013-12-19 16:30] eso

attempt 1 to update items in smithing-creation list to "in use state"

---

## [2013-12-19 16:50] eso

attempt2 to update items in smithing-creation list to "in use" looks better

---

## [2013-12-20 10:03] eso

working on generalized messaging anim

---

## [2013-12-20 13:50] eso

back to work on messaging. observing existing system as seen in ingest alchemy reagents from inventory

---

## [2013-12-20 17:45] eso

screencaptured existing messaging, and re-creating it in AE.
maybe just busy work?

---

## [2013-12-23 09:54] eso

not really sure what to be doing. continuing with the messaging & inventory/reagent work I was doing on Friday. Will look through the bugs assigned to me and categorize and validate them

---

## [2013-12-23 15:06] eso

experimenting with and analyzing the messaging system. Wondering if it is possible to recreate a dynamic system in AE that is able to display a message queue of arbitrary length.
-	it gets message text from a predefined message list
	- it knows which message indexes are being displayed at any time
-	it calculates offsets for translation keyframes
-	it knows the maximum height allowed for messaging

---

## [2013-12-23 16:15] eso

the problem I defined above isn't a good match for After Effects, but would be a great entry point to get back into Flash again.

---

