# Raw Entries for May 2014

**Total Entries:** 70
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-05-01 12:28] eso

-	review ESO systems spreadsheet w Brent
-	review ESO systems spreadsheet w Erich
-	review ESO system spradsheet w Nick
-	design iteration on character select
-	post character select doc to confluence
-	post horizontal menu to confluence

---

## [2014-05-01 14:16] eso

working on character select

---

## [2014-05-01 14:25] eso

color picker is in /testbed.
Reviewing it.

COLOR PICKER FEEDBACK
-	I sometimes slip from one row to the next inadvertently
	-	ENG: movement needs to be constrained to absolute horizontal or absolute vertical (no diagonal)
-	I cant see when dark colors are in a selected state
	-	DESIGN: draw white border around selected color swatch and post updated wireframe to confluence
	-	ENG: match updated wireframe
-	Selecting an already selected color swatch causes it to deselect
	-	DESIGN: create additional wireframe describing the desired behavior and post to confluence
	-	ENG: one of the colors in the picker should always be selected by default, see updated confluence for details

---

## [2014-05-01 16:21] eso

working out details of character selection list
x	refine characteer selection list & page layout
x	create logging in state
x	create error message state
-	create delete character state
-	update confluence

---

## [2014-05-01 20:44] eso

picking up where I left off with Character Select. Brent came by and we looked through the spreadsheet. Great input from him and learned a lot from his analysis. I was stuck on how these tasks were being categorized, but talking with him about it helped me think more critically about workflow at the larger scale

---

## [2014-05-02 12:17] eso

preparing material for meeting w Chris, Nick & Dan to discuss UI scope. My personal goal for this is to disconnect from desire and just deliver the facts. Oh and also to listen to other points of view.

I need to hear more than time estimates. Specifically:
What are our goals as developers?
What are our business goals?
Why have we waited until this point to scope this project in detail?
What is the perceived value of the work we have received from IG?
What is the value of the work I have provided?
What differentiates the game from other titles in the console market?
How do we increase our metacritic rating?

---

## [2014-05-02 16:47] eso

taking another look at ESO SYSTEMS and assigning estimates to tasks instead of features

---

## [2014-05-05 09:52] eso

ANALYSIS
x	quantify how much of IG design has been implemented
-	revise ESO_SYSTEMS spreadsheet to quantify estimates by task rather than feature

DOCUMENTATION
x	complete Character Select design doc
-	add horizontal menu design doc
-	create seperate PP doc for inventory scenarios and link to it from confluence
-	add further detail on randomization and parameter locking to character create

DESIGN
-	Refine color picker design to show more emphasis on SELECTED vs FOCUSED
-	cleanup lootpickup design and add to existing inventory scenarios

REVIEW
x	get current build
x	review testbed
x	Jason's iconography work
-	check w Marc on visual design - anything new?

MEETINGS
x	UI sprint planning (PC)
x	UI sprint planning (CONSOLE)

---

## [2014-05-05 11:37] eso

looking thru Jason's controller iconography work

---

## [2014-05-05 17:26] eso

what was accomplished today?
what remains?

ANALYSIS
-	revise ESO_SYSTEMS spreadsheet to quantify estimates by task rather than feature

DOCUMENTATION
-	add horizontal menu design doc
-	create seperate PP doc for inventory scenarios and link to it from confluence
-	add further detail on randomization and parameter locking to character create

DESIGN
x	Refine color picker design to show more emphasis on SELECTED vs FOCUSED
-	cleanup lootpickup design and add to existing inventory scenarios

REVIEW
-	check w Marc on visual design

---

## [2014-05-06 10:54] eso

identifying sprint tasks




RENAME USER STORY
ESO-295698
As an external developer I want to see documentation that communicates my client's vision for the UI design
-	As a product owner I will post UI design documentation to Confluence

ESO-302435
As a product owner I will prioritize feature designs to provide an ongoing backlog of scheduled work for Kurt & myself
-	As a product owner I will estimate and prioritize design tasks to quantify the scale of the user interface
	-	provide Nick with an estimate of how much of the UI has been completed by iron galaxy
	-	provide a breakdown of UI features grouped by task with design estimates



Here are the priority goals named in today’s meeting:

Gary:
1. Character creation
-	revise design document in preparation for tech review
-	tech review design documentation
-	revise colorpicker design and post to confluence
-	post horizontal menu design to confluence for engineering reference
-	provide art assets to replace controller button icons


2. Testbed iterations
-	provide parameter defaults for testbed components


2. Quality of Life
-	Audit IG UI and identify usability pain points
-	Tech review engineering fixes


3. Additional design on new screen types
-	Vendor Inventory design
-	Cleanup exiting loot window design
-	Journal Screen design

---

## [2014-05-06 14:17] eso

completed task creation and estimates, now its just a matter of work.

ANALYSIS
-	revise ESO_SYSTEMS spreadsheet to quantify estimates by task rather than feature
-	audit IG UI to find opportunities for ad hoc usability improvements

DOCUMENTATION
-	add horizontal menu design doc
-	review Character Creation documentation
	-	add further detail on randomization and parameter locking to character create

DESIGN
-	cleanup loot window design and post to confluence
-	Vendor Inventory screen design
-	Player Journal screen design

REVIEW
-	meet w Marc to discuss visual design for Character Create

---

## [2014-05-06 14:40] eso

reviewing IG UI with an eye to applying band-aids to usability problems

---

## [2014-05-06 15:40] eso

spent time looking at and researching FInal Fantasy online. Its hideous and beautiful. Incredibly complicated looking, possibly easier to parse when actually using it?

---

## [2014-05-06 16:09] eso

auditing IG console UI

---

## [2014-05-06 18:03] eso

captured various usability gaffes, some unexpected, some not

---

## [2014-05-07 10:11] eso

ANALYSIS
-	revise ESO_SYSTEMS spreadsheet to quantify estimates by task rather than feature
-	audit IG UI to find opportunities for ad hoc usability improvements

DOCUMENTATION
-	add horizontal menu design doc
-	review Character Creation documentation
	-	add further detail on randomization and parameter locking to character create
	-	add further information on Undo/Redo feature
-	post ESO SYSTEMS spreadsheet to Confluence

DESIGN
-	cleanup loot window design and post to confluence
-	Vendor Inventory screen design
-	Player Journal screen design

REVIEW
-	meet w Marc to discuss visual design for Character Create
x	review Jason's updates to Console Iconography
x	check w Jason to see if he has access to \\hvault\iron+galaxy
	-	if not, have him place an IT request

RESEARCH
x	find document showing existing controller map

---

## [2014-05-07 11:38] eso

creating confluence link to ESO SYSTEMS spreadsheet

---

## [2014-05-07 13:21] eso

cleaning up controller mapping spreadsheet so I can read it clearly

ANALYSIS
-	revise ESO_SYSTEMS spreadsheet to quantify estimates by task rather than feature
x	audit IG UI to find opportunities for ad hoc usability improvements

DOCUMENTATION
x	add horizontal menu design doc

-	review Character Creation documentation
	-	add further detail on randomization and parameter locking to character create
	-	add further information on Undo/Redo feature
x	post ESO SYSTEMS spreadsheet to Confluence

DESIGN
-	cleanup loot window design and post to confluence
-	Vendor Inventory screen design
-	Player Journal screen design

REVIEW
-	meet w Marc to discuss visual design for Character Create

---

## [2014-05-07 16:51] eso

spent time re-transcribing the controller configuration spreadsheet. not sure why. It looks more or less the same as the original. maybe more readable?

---

## [2014-05-07 16:52] eso

finishing up IG design audit, making sure there's nothing I have missed

---

## [2014-05-07 17:29] eso

ah. now I remember why I cleaned up that controller config spreadsheet. I'm posting documentation to confluence

---

## [2014-05-07 22:56] eso

finished FW setup for animated horizontal list

---

## [2014-05-08 11:19] eso

prioritizing the UI issues I've identified regarding "fixing" the IG UI

---

## [2014-05-08 13:10] eso

continuing to writeup design fixes. Refactoring my notes to state the problem, then state the solution


ANALYSIS
-	revise ESO_SYSTEMS spreadsheet to quantify estimates by task rather than feature

DOCUMENTATION
-	write up results of IG usability audit in peparation for tech review
-	review Character Creation documentation
	-	add further detail on randomization and parameter locking to character create
	-	add further information on Undo/Redo feature
-	post controller icons to confluence

DESIGN
-	cleanup loot window design and post to confluence
-	Vendor Inventory screen design
-	Player Journal screen design

REVIEW
-	meet w Marc to discuss visual design for Character Create

---

## [2014-05-08 23:03] eso

worked on IG cosnole UI quick fixes doc. Will finish it tomorrow. Need Nick to be involved in tech review and apparently he's out tomorrow? Present at my desk so I can point out examples in-gaema nd reduce need for asset creation for the document

---

## [2014-05-11 15:00] eso

here's what must be done to finalise the "improvements" document

-	show example of text entry workflow
-	screenshot: lower left quadrant of screen. show chat icons stacked vertically 3-up.
	-	point out that they aren't shown when count is less than 1
	-	point out that when icons aren't shown they maintain a stacking order
x	screenshot: inventory list, add "equipped label"
x	screenshot: map screen, quick mockup of additional button "current location"
-	screenshot: cropped ability bar showing active and inactive skills
-	mockup of player info displayed with radial player menu>

---

## [2014-05-12 09:57] eso

Powerful statement by Barry Meade that points the way forward:

"Not an outlier, it's a leader. It's not to be ignored but gazed at: this is what success based on pleasing an audience looks like"

---

## [2014-05-12 09:57] eso

finishing up IG quality of life doc

x	show example of text entry workflow
x	screenshot: lower left quadrant of screen. show chat icons stacked vertically 3-up.
	x	point out that they aren't shown when count is less than 1
	x	point out that when icons aren't shown they maintain a stacking order
x	screenshot: cropped ability bar showing active and inactive skills
x	mockup of player info displayed with radial player menu>

---

## [2014-05-12 12:58] eso

cleaning up loot pickup design

---

## [2014-05-12 14:55] eso

Loot pickup will totally work.

---

## [2014-05-12 14:56] eso

removing chaff from v10 FW templates
replacing with new iconography

---

## [2014-05-13 11:18] eso

spoke w Chris about loot pickup. There are systemic complications (tech concerns) with equipping something not in inventory. Not sure what the details are, but I'm told this battle has been fought before and its not likely to change. So that simplifies the design greatly...

---

## [2014-05-13 16:53] eso

have been experimenting with gamepad support for PC game, trying to see the opportunities and failings...

---

## [2014-05-14 11:14] eso

create new user story for playtesting
-	PC UI w game controller
-	Final Fantasy XIV

---

## [2014-05-14 11:23] eso

want to get Loot Pickup finalized today

---

## [2014-05-14 13:23] eso

-	discuss visual design w Marc

---

## [2014-05-14 14:05] eso

integrating new controller icons into FW workflow as symbols

---

## [2014-05-14 14:27] eso

finished processing game controller icons
integrating w loot window

---

## [2014-05-14 17:42] eso

loot window can probably use options panel pattern, but I must figure out how the static label should behave when the list scrolls. I'm thinking it could probably scroll with the list and lock into a final position when the list is long and begins to fade in the upper half of the screen? Skyrim example plz?

solved nicely in Skyrim by putting Loot source into NAV1 and loot items into NAV2

opens up the possibility that the loot pickup window is in fact a different view of the inventory window

LOOT SOURCE NAME
-----------------
SUPPLIES
MAIN HAND
OFF HAND
HELM

---

## [2014-05-15 10:13] eso

continuing work on loot window
-	simple case
-	complex case
	-	incorporates inventory

---

## [2014-05-15 10:50] eso

looking throuh the way inventory NAV2 is set up, I can see that the focused item actually needs to be larger font (40) to match the tooltip display, especially when a comparison is made

---

## [2014-05-15 14:00] eso

modifying grid system after discussion w Marc
typography for everything needs an additional pass for consistency

---

## [2014-05-15 14:08] eso

modified grid for lootwindow template
seeing how content fits into it

---

## [2014-05-16 17:07] eso

jesus. came intoday to emergency and super stressful meeting about the "right" direction to take. Paul asked me to put together an overview. Assuming the audience is Zenimax HQ. Doing so now, by pulling from previous presentations

---

## [2014-05-19 13:19] eso

finally back to loot pickup. A couple of choices here:
minimized   of interactions vs. screen density
Big UI pipeline meeting later today
reading up on scaleform and another 3rd part tool called "Iggy"

---

## [2014-05-19 15:01] eso

loot pickup
-	add pickup scenario
	-	harvesting
	-	found iteem in chest

-	add error conditions
	-	Take all
		-	Inventory Full
			-	none of the items will fit in inventory
			-	some of the items will fit in inventory
	-	Take item
		-	Inventory full

---

## [2014-05-20 11:17] eso

finishing confluence doc for loot pickup
re-installing dev client for access to BVT
waiting to see what happens next

---

## [2014-05-20 11:28] eso

fuck.
it seems the decision has been made to adapt the PC-UI for console usage
.
All of this has been for nothing

---

## [2014-05-20 16:32] eso

maybe not for nothing
have been asked to stand up inventory and skills screen designs with assistance from Chris, Dan & Chip
I need to go over the basic inventory & skills designs with them and revise based on any feedback/concerns

---

## [2014-05-21 10:05] eso

modifying skills design such that viewing/rearranging ability bar is available as an Options Menupanel invoked by pressing TRIANGLE

---

## [2014-05-21 15:41] eso

-	prepare a list of existing wireframes that I want to see visual designs for
	-	distribute to Mark, Jason, Nick, Chris
-	refine existing skills design to use grid2
-	present skills use cases as sequences
	-	you do this to get to this...
-	present inventory use cases as sequences
	-	use R3 as a sort by... toggle
	-	you do this to get to this...
-	refine hint bar presentation
	-	where does primary action go?

---

## [2014-05-22 16:20] eso

I'm back in ESO_SYSTEM spreadsheet. simplifying it
-	group features by tasks
	x	Account management
	x	Announcements
	-	AVA
	-	Character
	-	Combat
	-	Console Dashboard
	-	Crafting
	-	Customer Service
	-	Groups
	-	Guilds
	-	HUD
	-	Interstitial
	-	Itemization
	-	Journal
	-	Justice
	-	Legal
	-	Maps
	-	Menus
	-	Mounts
	-	Preproduction
	-	Progression
	-	Communication
	-	Tutorial
	-	World
-	prioritize tasks
-	review w Nick

---

## [2014-05-23 11:44] eso

finishing up task categorization in ESO_SYSTEMS spreadsheet
referencing some features in game at the moment

---

## [2014-05-27 11:10] eso

meeting w Chris after lunch to fact check and help w task prioritization of ESO_SYSTEM spreadsheet. Nick is out today
Sketching Vendor inventory scenarios

---

## [2014-05-27 13:53] eso

what are common user stories for vendor inventory? referencing the game to find out

As a player:
-	I want to buy an item
-	I want to know when I can afford an item
-	I want to sell an item from my inventory
-	I need to know my inventory capacity
-	I need to know how much gold I have
-	I want to buy back an item I sold
-	I want to repair an item
-	I want to repair all my items
-	I want to know the name of the vendor I'm interacting with
-	I want to see items in categorized views identical to those used in my player inventory
-	When selling items I want to have the option to equip, use or destroy items already in my inventory
-	I want to compare vendor equipment with my currently equipped gear
-	When buying consumables I want to be able to purchase more than one at a time
-	I want to know how many instances of a stackable item I already have

---

## [2014-05-28 10:23] eso

working on vendor inventory is my focus for the day

CHECK-IN

-	Gary
	-	vendor inventory design

-	Chris
	-	has he reviewed that spreadsheet
		-	review existing w Nick
	-	fireworks installed?
	-	would like to have him work on
		-	NPC dialog panel
		-	Map screen

x	Dan
	x	current list status
	x	how can I modify list behavior in local build??

-	Marc
	-	current art status
		-	Express item rarity in a color coded frame behind icon
		-	Show list with truncation rather than word wrapping

-	Jason
	-	would like to explore how transitions between lists work

-	Nick
	-	review spreadsheet



INFRASTRUCTURE
-	what is the status of retail console hardware?
	-	Still have not played final Fantasy

-	Intend to setup dedicated whiteboard
	-	where do we get the whiteboard?
	-	where can we set it up?

---

## [2014-05-28 10:36] eso

x	patching BVT build
need to reference it for vendor types

---

## [2014-05-28 12:55] eso

captured item types from a variety of vendors
figured out earlier how to switch between Buy, Sell, Buy Back, Repair modes

---

## [2014-05-28 14:56] eso

doing some ediing to confluence doc in parallel w design

Alchemy (Materials)
Blacksmith (Materials)
Clothing
Enchanting
Provisioning
Traits
Woodworking

---

## [2014-05-28 22:10] eso

reviewing UX overview presentation for tomorrow's meeting. what to cut, what to add?

inventory
-	add state with expanded list view

skills
-	add morph skill dialog

player menu
- 	animated gif?

---

## [2014-05-28 23:44] eso

updating wireframes in presentation. realizing as I do so that Loot Pickup documentation needs to be edited to callout usage of an Inventory shortcut button (which opens player inventory so that players can destroy items in order to accommodate new loot in the case of inventory full)

---

## [2014-05-29 01:31] eso

finished updating. more content fewer slides :)

---

## [2014-05-29 09:55] eso

getting ready for big UI meeting w ZOS and Zindagi (an external contractor) presenting UX overview

---

## [2014-05-30 09:46] eso

making some edits to UX Overview presentation for screening room presentation at 11a

---

## [2014-05-30 10:24] eso

Dan's got the horizontal list working. its fantastic

---

## [2014-05-30 14:18] eso

confirming existing controller mapping on BVT and documenting to confluence

---

## [2014-05-30 15:57] eso

working on vendor inventory
taking some time to work out how set items are formatted
Alex (the platform UX lead) is doing fantastic work within the fluid navigation scheme!

---

## [2014-05-31 15:35] eso

working on vendor inventory and item tooltips

---

## [2014-05-31 17:47] eso

updated player inventory design doc to include list sorting

---

