# Raw Entries for March 2014

**Total Entries:** 181
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-03-01 16:41] eso

I'm mocking up an 8.5 x 11 layout on InDesign using Apple's iOS Human Interface Guidelines as source

---

## [2014-03-01 17:26] eso

InDesign offers way more than what I need to communicate...
Should it be Microsoft Word?
Powerpoint?

---

## [2014-03-01 18:27] eso

I found a Word template that I can use for this
Graphics resize reasonably

---

## [2014-03-02 10:27] eso

what is it that I'm trying to do with these wireframes?
-	consistency
-	reusable parts
-	estimate and communicate visual metrics
-	create assets for design overview presentation
-	explore options for interactibvity w Axure
	-	to provide context
	-	to provide visceral experience that sells the concept
	-	to find hidden possibilities

---

## [2014-03-02 12:39] eso

well one thing is clear. any work in axure has to use a system font will require heavy lifting to make futura work as an embedded font

---

## [2014-03-02 14:50] eso

I did the heavy lifting! Futura is embedded in Axure prototype output :)
Adding other instances - light & bold

---

## [2014-03-02 15:03] eso

FuturaBoldCondensed is up

---

## [2014-03-02 15:15] eso

FuturaLightCondensed
FuturaMediumCondensedOblique

---

## [2014-03-02 16:49] eso

seeing how far I can get with Axure prototype of skills screen

---

## [2014-03-02 22:43] eso

not as far as hoped, the restrictions on Axure and the amount of repeated effort makes this a labor intensive option. Flash would be the better solution for this

---

## [2014-03-03 11:13] eso

need to step away from the philosophical and technical issues involved with prototyping. I need to think about what I can provide Marc to get him started on visual designs. Normalizing the wireframes as I was previously doing is the best way to approach him with a set of design constraints already established.

---

## [2014-03-03 11:14] eso

x	finish mormalized skills template
x	refine typography metrics template to handoff to Marc
-	normalize character creation template
-	normalize player menu template
-	normalize inventory template

---

## [2014-03-03 14:31] eso

explored some list behavior in the skills template. not what's needed for producing these templates at the moment but swapping symbols to A?B test is a good working method
x	add template for actionbar
x	add template for purchase skills dialog
x	add template for morph skills dialog
-	how do I rearrange skills on the ability bar?
	- I've visualized a method on paper that is probably appropriate. feels reasonable but expressing it visually misses the mark somehow. Is the kind of behavior that best exposed interactively as a prototype.

---

## [2014-03-03 19:58] eso

worked out a decent solution for purchase & morph skills

---

## [2014-03-03 23:04] eso

just realized I forgot to add a state to the skills template
x	add template for assign skill dialog

---

## [2014-03-04 10:42] eso

starting work on template for character creation

---

## [2014-03-04 11:19] eso

refined typography samples

---

## [2014-03-04 11:31] eso

brief chat with Marc about Futura., He recommends takling a look at legibility of large blocks of text (as in the journal)

---

## [2014-03-04 12:55] eso

doing some additional layout for typography section. gut feeling is that Futura Medium cCondensed is the winning choice. I'm also painfully aware of the weight of tradition to continue using Univers. Best not to make up my mind prematurely, but I respect my instinct.

---

## [2014-03-04 13:41] eso

fixating on typography. need to move on to character creation wireframe template

---

## [2014-03-04 14:51] eso

additional typographic cases to consider:
-	what does a static list, such as a leaderboard look like?
-	what does received mail look like?

created screenshots from ESO-PC. will mock up equivalents later today

---

## [2014-03-04 16:04] eso

working on optimized layout for character creation

---

## [2014-03-04 16:43] eso

the default line style I'm using is a 3px stroke from center of objects. Its causing measurements and snapping to be more work than necessary. I should be "stroking" (lol) from the insize to make sure

---

## [2014-03-04 16:52] eso

oh I see why I did it that way. Stroked objects align properly when stroke is drawn from center

---

## [2014-03-04 17:50] eso

I'm trying to layout this widget stack in a controllable & repeatable manner.
Finally devised a method to do so, but its taken a while to get there.

---

## [2014-03-04 18:12] eso

OK worked out layout scheme for the widget stack, and also a method for precisely controlling spacing between items in vertical lists

---

## [2014-03-04 23:46] eso

I've mapped out several different widget stacks and defined the widget types used for character creation. The templates below need to have a large enough screen height to fit the tallest widget stack (need to communicate the grouping of these controls in addition to their layout)
-	create template for race selection
-	create template for class creation
-	create template for body type
-	create template for head type
-	features
-	body shape
-	face
-	eyes
-	nose
-	mouth
-	ears
-	create template for finish creation dialog
-	create template for character preset
	-	alliance/race choices are locked

---

## [2014-03-05 10:01] eso

getting some type samples prepared to discuss w Marc

---

## [2014-03-05 11:07] eso

reviewed type w Marc. Its looking like Helvetica ftw

---

## [2014-03-05 13:00] eso

thinking about what I can assign to Kurt to make my own concepting easier/more efficient

---

## [2014-03-05 15:14] eso

spent time in correspondence w UI design candidates

---

## [2014-03-05 15:15] eso

spent time exploring hmenu styling using Helvetica instead of Futura

---

## [2014-03-05 15:47] eso

working to finalize character creation template

---

## [2014-03-05 15:47] eso

some good advice from Brent about finding work to farm out to Kurt. Take a look at the ESO_UI systems document. Flesh it out further. What features are far enough out down the timeline to have him start iterating on them?

-	what does a dense list, such as a leaderboard look like?
	-	not immediately interested in functionality, although open to ideas on that
	-	I'm more interested in understanding how the existing PC layout will work on console
		-	provide font metrics scale for him to work with

-	what does received mail look like?
	-	not immediately interested in functionality, although open to ideas on that
	-	I'm more interested in understanding how the existing PC layout will work on console
		-	provide font metrics scale for him to work with

-	controller config diagram
	- 	PS4 & XBOX
	-	provide my work in progress


-	what does a modal dialog look like?
-	what does character select look like?
-	what does the game menu look like and how do I access it?
-	what does the compass look like (needs to use larger font for location ID)
-	what does a target unit frame look like (needs to use larger font)
	-	need to use existing variations for bosses ()
-	what does the character panel look like?
-	what does the Group Panel look like?
-	what does the Contact Panel look like
-	what does the Alliance War panel look like
-	Quest Tracker
-	Announcements/Messaging
-	Interaction prompt
-	Resurrect prompt
-	hint bar
-	UI audio

---

## [2014-03-05 16:04] eso

-	finish character creation template
-	update/collate info for UI systems doc

---

## [2014-03-05 16:18] eso

finished character create widget stacks

---

## [2014-03-05 16:26] eso

slicing up parts to create states for each category
x	race
x	class
x	body type
x	head type
x	features
x	body shape
x	face
x	eyes
-	nose
-	mouth
-	ears

---

## [2014-03-05 16:50] eso

finished hmenu states
adding widget stacks to each

---

## [2014-03-05 17:14] eso

finished character creation rework

---

## [2014-03-05 17:17] eso

I don't have much more time here today so going to do soem work on the UI systems mindmap

---

## [2014-03-05 23:00] eso

created a version of the template file 0503 that uses smaller fonts than previous

---

## [2014-03-05 23:18] eso

actually I guess I didnt change the fonts as comprehensively as I thought! But it was easy to make the necessary edits

---

## [2014-03-06 09:57] eso

preparing environment for typography review w Jared

---

## [2014-03-06 10:22] eso

excellent meeting w Jared
next steps:
	-	research a font similar in character to Helvetica, with wide range of weights, but less perfect, more irregular.
		mockup skills screen w font candidates and point out difficulties & opportunities
			-	Univers
			-	Futura
			-	Helvetica
			-	new candidate

---

## [2014-03-06 11:17] eso

working on ESO_SYSTEMS document

---

## [2014-03-06 13:37] eso

font research

---

## [2014-03-06 15:03] eso

have collated a variety of fonts, found some new ones, and identified some commercial choices for futher exploration

---

## [2014-03-07 00:33] eso

further work on ESO_SYSTEMS document
transferred data from mind manager to excel for further work

---

## [2014-03-07 10:25] eso

cleaning up mindmap for re-export to Excel

---

## [2014-03-07 11:30] eso

phone interview with UI candidate after lunch

---

## [2014-03-07 12:54] eso

waiting for phone interview to begin

---

## [2014-03-07 12:55] eso

for UI Scope documentation define the following:
What is a screen?
What is a dialog?
What is a panel?
What is an information display?

---

## [2014-03-07 15:45] eso

exporting to Excel to see how well formed the data I captured is.

---

## [2014-03-07 16:13] eso

adding contexts (tabs) to screen listings

---

## [2014-03-07 17:02] eso

did some cleanup to skills wireframes to show Ed Knapp

---

## [2014-03-08 15:17] eso

refactoring skills design w font named Ultramagnetic

Open VPN
9wjyqbJKrxQwd2qxNn

---

## [2014-03-10 09:31] eso

-	review UI Systems Spreadsheet with Erich today
-	refactor inventory design to use current concepting standards

---

## [2014-03-10 11:21] eso

x	fixed character creation menu
x	revise layout of body shape widgets
x	revise layout of eyes widgets
x	revise layout of nose widgets
x	revise layout of mouth widgets
x	revise layout of ears widgets
x	revise character creation matrix page to use new widget stacks

x	revise layout of inventory screen vlist
x	revise layout of inventory screen supplies list
x	revise layout inventory screen tooltip
x	revise layout inventory line items
-	revise layout of "equipped" signifier
-	revise layout of expanded line item
-	revise layout of item options

---

## [2014-03-10 14:23] eso

Feedback from Erich re: UI Systems scope spreadsheet
Erich Waas 2:20 PM
Hi Gary, in looking at the spreadsheet, I can see the following additional information being useful as it becomes available.
Who owns the rework, eta for review, and status to reflect "in design, in art, in engineering, ready for review, approved for implementation, implemented"
Gary Boodhoo 2:22 PM
yes, definitely
Erich Waas 2:22 PM
And road mapping expected dates to start as they become known
Gary Boodhoo 2:22 PM
sure thing. I'll flesh that out

---

## [2014-03-10 15:45] eso

exploring layout variations for items
matching styling with existing item tooltip

---

## [2014-03-10 15:47] eso

uh.. back off from any rigorous layout variations
keep it simple man

---

## [2014-03-10 16:15] eso

figured out use cases for line items, putting them together in a vertical list

---

## [2014-03-10 16:36] eso

this vertical list... I don't know if its a good idea for focused item names to get bigger. word wrapping of long titles...

---

## [2014-03-10 16:44] eso

referenced Skyrim for a reality check. Item names shouldnt scale when focused

---

## [2014-03-10 17:11] eso

updated item tooltip design

---

## [2014-03-10 21:34] eso

the vertical list needs to be offset to the left
the line items there never words wrap
the line items in the tooltip can word wrap

---

## [2014-03-11 10:05] eso

looking over systems spreadsheet and adding the line items Erich mentioned, and also a heading for story points
will reorganize this structure so the data can be presented in views (rather than as current, where I am applying formatting to the raw data)

---

## [2014-03-11 10:08] eso

x	fixed character creation menu
x	revise layout of body shape widgets
x	revise layout of eyes widgets
x	revise layout of nose widgets
x	revise layout of mouth widgets
x	revise layout of ears widgets
x	revise character creation matrix page to use new widget stacks

x	revise layout of inventory screen vlist
x	revise layout of inventory screen supplies list
x	revise layout inventory screen tooltip
x	revise layout inventory line items
x	create item tooltip with charge meter

---

## [2014-03-11 10:09] eso

crap. neglected to transfer the work I did at home last night will need to rectreate it

---

## [2014-03-11 10:25] eso

ok inventory work is updated to where I left off

---

## [2014-03-11 11:55] eso

figured out how to filter data into another view. ah. Excel
=IF(IFERROR(VLOOKUP("Account Management",$A2:$D2, 4),"")=0,"EMPTY")
where "Account Management" is the criteria for filtering
can also be represented by a cell reference instead of string literal

---

## [2014-03-11 11:58] eso

actually as cool as that functionality is, sure there must be a way to link one list to another?
I keep thinking pivot tables would work, and yet they always attempt to sum a value (or count entries) instead of simplyshowing the data value

---

## [2014-03-11 13:09] eso

checking to see if there are existing icons I can use for equipment slots

---

## [2014-03-11 14:40] eso

I've been going back and forth between lits with items that word wrap and those that don't. Either are possible.

---

## [2014-03-11 15:09] eso

the word-wrapping looks fine. The case I mapped out where distance between items remains consistent is scalable and maintains control of the layout space. Thing is - the worwrapping on these line items doesn't currently match up with that on the toolip and its bothering me. Perhaps after all, the focused item does use larger font size as elsewhere?

---

## [2014-03-11 16:42] eso

you need to get the design to the point where items are compared, then work out the typographical details from there. For now keep everything the same size. There's no rule stating thsat the name of an item has to be realllly big after all

---

## [2014-03-11 16:47] eso

fuck. cant think. mind is too diffuse.

---

## [2014-03-11 21:02] eso

it was a struggle but its looking right

---

## [2014-03-11 23:30] eso

x	create scenario template view all supplies
x	create template view alchemy supplies
x	create template view equipment list
x	create template view equipment slot
x	revise layout of "equipped" signifier
x	add iconography to equipment slots
x	revise layout of expanded line item (for item comparison)
x	create template compare items
x	revise layout of item options
x	create template view options
x	revise item comparison to show Bow of Kyne's Flight verbose tooltip
x	create scenario w add to quickslot dialog

---

## [2014-03-12 15:33] eso

handed off controller config diagram to Kurt for layout and design. He'l have it finalized by Monday 3/17

---

## [2014-03-12 16:18] eso

referencing ESO-PC for item context menu options

---

## [2014-03-12 17:31] eso

Working on standardizing hint bar usage for items

---

## [2014-03-12 18:15] eso

standardized primary, secondary, tertiary and optional uh... options for player inventory. Need to do same for vendor inventory

---

## [2014-03-13 11:23] eso

working on inventory options scenario

---

## [2014-03-13 12:17] eso

completed inventory options scenario
design experiment w swapping some of the rectangles w icons

---

## [2014-03-13 14:38] eso

updating inventory design with icons as I go
moving on add to quickslot dialog

Restores 306 Health immediately. Restores an additional 189 Health over 13 seconds (30 second cooldown)

---

## [2014-03-13 16:03] eso

completed assign to quickslot scenario
starting split stack dialog scenario
adding hint bar actions to inventory scenarios

---

## [2014-03-13 16:29] eso

ongoing
-	inventory
	-	create scenario w split stack dialog
	-	create scenario w confirm delete item
	x	add hint bar action labels to inventory hint bar
	x	add controller icons to action labels
	-	show "new" items signifier for inventory items and categories
	x	inventory count
	x	gold count

x	skills
	x	add hint bar action labels to skills scenarios
	x	add controller icons to action labels
	x	validate/fix font sizing

x	character creation
	x	add hint bar actions to character creation scenarios
	x	add controller icons to action labels

-	player menu
	-	create template for player menu

x ESO_SYSTEMS spreadsheet
	x	remove "context" category and include those entries in the feature name

---

## [2014-03-13 16:46] eso

adding action labels to inventory scenarios

---

## [2014-03-13 17:25] eso

completed adding action labels to inventory template
completed adding action labels to skills template
completed adding action labels to character creation template

---

## [2014-03-14 10:30] eso

reviewing the controller diagram Kurt sent over
sent feedback

---

## [2014-03-14 13:08] eso

working on hintbar template

---

## [2014-03-14 13:28] eso

preparing for phone interview

---

## [2014-03-14 14:23] eso

working on hintbar template

---

## [2014-03-14 14:44] eso

not sure where to place "destroy junk" option. I'm thinking it could be placed in the nav2 vertical stack

---

## [2014-03-14 15:57] eso

finished adding controller icons to inventory template
adding social icons to hintbar

---

## [2014-03-14 18:25] eso

I had thought it might be possible to add controller icons to the hint bar to support the social iconography. Less certain about that now, and this information does need to be communicated...

---

## [2014-03-16 14:23] eso

social icons on the hint bar only appear when there's new mail, contact comes online, new notificatopm, otherwise they are hidden

for the various screens show different configurations of social icons on the hint bar

---

## [2014-03-16 18:20] eso

the thing I'm operating on always appers on the right

---

## [2014-03-16 19:00] eso

ongoing
-	inventory
	-	create scenario w split stack dialog
	-	create scenario w confirm delete item
	-	show "new" items signifier for inventory items and categories

-	player menu
	-	create template for player menu

-	presentation
	x	examine presentation of animated gifs in powerpoint
	x	examine photo album feature

---

## [2014-03-17 00:18] eso

initial pass on revised player menu

---

## [2014-03-17 09:59] eso

picking up work on player menu. some of my initial assumptions were overstated. need to focus right now on minimum viable functionality and also incorporate an icon for the game menu

---

## [2014-03-17 14:08] eso

rapidly iterating thru some player menu ideas

---

## [2014-03-17 14:09] eso

lunch interview w UI design candidate

---

## [2014-03-17 14:15] eso

when the hint bar is drawn as part of the player menu, I'm looking in 2 places at one.
My initial mockups clustered any supplemental information w the menu

---

## [2014-03-17 15:15] eso

retracing the work I did on this menu before and not as satisfied with it as I'd assumed. It may make sense to provide single scroll for the player menu despite its length

---

## [2014-03-17 15:16] eso

sprint planning meeting coming up

---

## [2014-03-17 16:31] eso

reviewed systems spreadsheet with Chris. Is widely believed we've captured everything
continuing w Player

---

## [2014-03-17 18:00] eso

not making a lot of traction with this olayer menu design. not sure why
-	justify your design choices
	-	why is the menu centered
	-	why are you showing all options at once?
	-	is it plausible to show high level overview of each screen as you'd originally thought?

---

## [2014-03-18 00:08] eso

progress on the menu various designs

---

## [2014-03-18 10:40] eso

working on UI Sprint goals

---

## [2014-03-18 15:03] eso

finished defining UI Sprint goals
meeting w Erich at 330

---

## [2014-03-18 15:49] eso

Adding acceptance criteria to sprint goals at Erich's request

---

## [2014-03-18 17:12] eso

working to finalize new ideas about Player Menu

Inventory
Character
Skills
Journal
Map
Groups
Contacts
Guilds
Alliance War
Mail
Notifications
Game Menu

---

## [2014-03-22 21:00] eso

the presentatione name is
UI Design Q & A
framing it this way makes it a positive action rather than a proposal

---

## [2014-03-23 15:42] eso

Speak about grid system. how the screen is being divided into functional areas.
Show diagram of grid (safe title, guides, etc. )
name the areas that are reserved:
hmenu
Nav2
Nav3
Custom Dialog
Negative space afforded to player model

speak about usage context - on the couch looking at screen rather than 2 feet away with keyboard and ouse.
describe how the afforded by the game controller affect navigation through game systems
-	context switching
	-	category views (tabs)
	-	filters
	-	sorting
	-	previewing
	-	comparing
	-	choosing
	-	changing your mind

---

## [2014-03-23 15:46] eso

for character creation, be sure to mention how the ordering of categories is from global -> highly specific

---

## [2014-03-23 15:49] eso

be sure to include ESO-PC equivalent screen shots for all features for A:B comparison and to talk through the functionsal spec for each

---

## [2014-03-23 17:01] eso

descRibe why item comparison -> 3 items is optimized

---

## [2014-03-23 20:31] eso

talked through everything with Thea as an audience. Raw data dump took at least 3 hours. Here's what emerged:

-	speak first about the parts you're most interested in
-	show the systems mind map (after cleanup) to convey scope and size of the effort
	-	Show the systems spreadsheet to view the same scope data differently (show in presentation?)

---

## [2014-03-23 23:44] eso

organized talking points by dominant, expressive and analytical traits

---

## [2014-03-24 10:47] eso

working on presentation strategy and asset requirements
want to schedule date/room for presentation
My big questions
-	which assets will I present
-	in what sequence will I present assets
-	how can I anticipate questions
-	what is the big picture
-	what is needed to move forward from here

---

## [2014-03-24 11:54] eso

x	finalize mindmap formatting
x	validate map content from current spreadsheet
breathe

---

## [2014-03-24 13:56] eso

-	export mindmap overviews to powerpoint
-	write captions for slides
	- what will you say first?

---

## [2014-03-24 14:14] eso

mindmanager export to powerpoint is abysmal. laughable
will need to export gfx instead

---

## [2014-03-24 14:37] eso

exporting to gfx is providingthe results I want but will need cleanup before adding to powerpoint

---

## [2014-03-25 01:07] eso

easier than expected? lol?
I just need to add screenshots of the features I've designed and I'll be done with the dominator presentation!

---

## [2014-03-25 11:05] eso

extracting screenshots from FW design template

---

## [2014-03-25 15:26] eso

completed Dominator presentation. I'm sure I'll come back to it, but it addresses everything it needs to.
Working through content creation and asset preperation for Expressive presentation

---

## [2014-03-25 16:07] eso

still shaping the material I want to talk about in this presentation. Trying an approach where I create section titles first and fill in the details

---

## [2014-03-25 16:50] eso

refining motions from previous scenarios to output as animated gifs. Hard to remember that the stuff shown at this level is strictyly to demonstrate motion, not to walk thru the scenario

---

## [2014-03-25 17:10] eso

finalized hmenu & vmenu examples
Maybe they need to be placed into their own section?
maybe the "Fluid Navigation" section needs subsections?

---

## [2014-03-25 18:09] eso

added section for Vertical List & Horizontal List

---

## [2014-03-25 22:05] eso

what is the opposite of fluid?
point and shoot?
static?

---

## [2014-03-25 23:58] eso

good progress on the Expressive presentation

---

## [2014-03-26 10:29] eso

Presentation is scheduled for this Friday afternoom
Picking up where I left off on the expressive presentation

---

## [2014-03-26 13:52] eso

building sequence from inventory design to demonstrate fluid contexts
I've got a lo-fi version sequenced, but I should do this with most current wireframes instead

---

## [2014-03-26 14:16] eso

taking a second look at tooltips and cleaning up set items use case

---

## [2014-03-26 14:42] eso

need to move forward and save any editing and cleanup until later :)

---

## [2014-03-26 15:32] eso

added example of inventory system fluid context (1st pass)
preparing skills purchase/actionbar fluid context example (1st pass)
-	add use case for skills fluid context where actionbar is active and hmenu is also used to cycle thru categories

---

## [2014-03-26 16:10] eso

I am going to place anchored layout section in the backlog. Those points can be discussed while showing other designs if necessary instead of being explicitly pointed out

---

## [2014-03-26 16:51] eso

added ESO-PC screenshots (skills,inventory)

---

## [2014-03-26 22:06] eso

wrote up good notes for inventory fluid context section
need to keep moving forward and finish 1st draft of this presentation
What's next?

---

## [2014-03-26 22:56] eso

finished fw edits to item tooltips and included scroll w Right stick use case
working on ability tooltip examples

---

## [2014-03-26 23:14] eso

completed tooltip editing

---

## [2014-03-27 08:21] eso

finished expressive presentation
need to restyle some stuff in the dominant presentation
moving on to the analytical presentation
-	this presentation steps through the updated scenarios I've created

---

## [2014-03-27 10:54] eso

cleaned up domintor presentation to bring it in line with the expressive presentation
starting work on the analytical presentation

PLAYER MENU
-	add section headers (as seen in skill tree) to player menu
-	show vertical scroll (or at least a few intermediate states) of player menu
-	replace existing instances of player menu gfx in presentation


SKILLS
"I want to inspect the skills on my actionbar"
"I want to purchase a skill upgrade"
"I want to morph an ability"
"I want to assign a skill to the actionbar"

---

## [2014-03-27 14:24] eso

reviewing the scenarios I've already created in wireframe_metrics_template

---

## [2014-03-27 14:54] eso

exporting skills gfx

---

## [2014-03-27 15:02] eso

editing screenhints in FW
- more space between them
- removing spurious instaces of "back"

---

## [2014-03-27 15:28] eso

finished further FW cleanup for skills

---

## [2014-03-27 15:42] eso

added gfx for all skills scenarios to PP

---

## [2014-03-27 16:02] eso

working on Character Creation edits in FW

---

## [2014-03-27 16:31] eso

need to create completion dialog: "finsih and name your character"

---

## [2014-03-27 17:49] eso

demoed presentation in the screening room. looks fantastic. Quite a bit more mork between tonight and tomorrow am

-	refine player menu design
	-	add headers to line item groupings
	-	not necessary to show entire scroll
		-	show 2-3 states of the vmenu

-	process and export inventory scenarios

-	write notes for slides as relevant

-	replace any legacy assets with most current

BACKLOG

-	create scenario for rearranging abilities assigned to the actionbar

-	create typography presentation

---

## [2014-03-27 21:03] eso

categorizing player menu functions

---

## [2014-03-27 21:39] eso

design iteration on player menu FW

---

## [2014-03-27 22:19] eso

finished player menu design iteration
exporting images to PP

---

## [2014-03-27 22:37] eso

edit character creation. missing hint actions

---

## [2014-03-27 22:40] eso

edit inventory fixing hint actions for consistency

---

## [2014-03-27 22:46] eso

finished edits ready to export
importing into PP

---

## [2014-03-28 00:34] eso

finished analytical presentation!
reviewing it

---

## [2014-03-28 00:45] eso

x	review expressive presentation
x	review dominant presentation
x	annotate slides in expressive presentation
x	annotate slides in dominant presentation
-	annotate slides in analytical presentation

---

## [2014-03-28 02:43] eso

finished expressive presentation annotation
reviewing work

---

## [2014-03-28 03:01] eso

finished annotating dominant presentation

---

## [2014-03-28 04:21] eso

completed UI Overview presentation.
I am presenting it at 10a in the Screening Room on a giant screen
I think its going to go well.
I like these ideas.
Great work!

---

## [2014-03-29 16:15] eso

Elder scrolls icon looks weak on windows 8 desktop. Needs design

---

## [2014-03-29 17:50] eso

Wykkyd's Outfitter allows you to create GEAR SETS and ACTION BAR SETS from within the Inventory & Skills windows and load them at will. The sets you build in Outfitter can also be macro'd via Wykkyd's Framework and can, thus, be paired together and keybindable, if you so choose.
http://www.esoui.com/downloads/info52-WykkydsOutfitter.html

---

## [2014-03-31 10:16] eso

figuring out what I need to do today
x	cleaunp ESO-CONSOLE design work area
-	transfer ESO-CONSOLE design work area to shared location on HVAULT
-	setup local -<-> HVAULT mirror in SyncBack
-	VMENU animations (for Mark Reeves)
-	point Mark Reeves to VMENU animations
-	point Marc Hudgins to designs
	-	prepare PSD from FW for Marc

---

## [2014-03-31 10:52] eso

organizing workspace removing chaff

---

## [2014-03-31 11:10] eso

need to transfer work from assetbuilder FW files to each design area

-	create use cases for ability tooltips and save that work into tooltip_1002 design

---

## [2014-03-31 12:00] eso

organized directory structure
-	need to prepare fw assets & states for Marc as PSD
-	need to prepare menu structure anims for Marc
-	need to process PP work so all linked files are baked in
-	need to process PP work so there's a single presentation master doc

---

## [2014-03-31 14:28] eso

finished processing inventory_1002 -> PSD

---

## [2014-03-31 15:52] eso

finished processing character create
finished processing player menu

---

## [2014-03-31 15:52] eso

need to meet w Kurt at 4:30
x	where is he at w Confluence documentation task
x	go over UI Overview presentation with him
x	speak about requirements & expectations for Chat panel design task

---

## [2014-03-31 16:02] eso

processing skills wireframe scenarios

---

## [2014-03-31 21:59] eso

processing skills wireframe scenarios
work on vmenu specific wireframes for Mark R next
x	Player Menu
-	Inventory:Nav1
-	Inventory:Nav2
-	Skills:Nav1
-	Skills:Nav2

---

## [2014-03-31 22:36] eso

completed processing skills as PSD

---

## [2014-03-31 22:37] eso

processing tooltips as PSD

---

## [2014-03-31 22:53] eso

finished processing tooltipas as PSD

---

## [2014-03-31 23:09] eso

working on player menu vmenu anim

---

