# Raw Entries for September 2014

**Total Entries:** 101
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-09-08 10:32] eso

back to work

collating feedback for screens that came online last week:

---

## [2014-09-08 13:41] eso

Character Creation is up. Its awful and beautiful at once.

---

## [2014-09-10 09:46] eso

-	Zindagi (are mockups available for any of these?)
	-	Review today
		x	review loot design
		x	review trade design
		x	review achievement design
		x	review quest journal mockup
			-	when can I look at revision?
		x	review mail mockup
			-	I need to redesign the outbox
		x	Guild Bank (P1)
		x	Guild Store (P1)
		-	review vendor (ask Michael)
	-	Waiting for Review
		-	review bank mockup (in progress)


-	Dialogs
	-	sketch identified patterns
		-	user interaction dialog
		-	system interaction dialog
		-	tutorial dialog
	-	discuss Nick's idea for tutorial dialog
-	Skills
-	Armor Dyeing
-	Feedback
	-	collate detailed feedback on character create

-	Visual design

---

## [2014-09-10 15:49] eso

have spent most of the day so far reviewing zindagi work. currently sketching a solution for mail data entry to go over with thos eguys when they return from lunch

---

## [2014-09-11 12:56] eso

working from home today, and getting the space I need to converse w the design. Have made modifications to inventory layout and tooltip layout. Typographical refinement. Increasing width of tooltip by 42px.
Was getting nowhere with the modal dialog templates I was trying to work on yesterday. Finally now an anchor from which to begin

---

## [2014-09-11 14:09] eso

finished normalizing an updated inventory layout that can be used as a refined template for the other screens

---

## [2014-09-11 14:11] eso

-	Zindagi (are mockups available for any of these?)
	-	Review
		x	review loot design
		x	review trade design
		x	review achievement design
		x	review quest journal mockup
			-	when can I look at revision?
		x	review mail mockup
			-	I need to redesign the outbox
		x	Guild Bank (P1)
		x	Guild Store (P1)
	-	Waiting for Review
		-	review vendor (ask Michael)
		-	review bank mockup (in progress)


-	Dialogs
	-	layout metrics
	-	create templates
		-	user interaction dialog
		-	system message dialog
		-	tutorial dialog
	-	discuss Nick's idea for tutorial dialog
-	Skills
-	Armor Dyeing
-	Feedback
	-	collate detailed feedback on character create

-	Visual design
	-	communicate default meter sizing to Marc H

---

## [2014-09-11 19:17] eso

have figured out a modal dialog pattern for player interactions
need to work out what system message dialogs look like

---

## [2014-09-11 19:38] eso

have not yet started on system message dialog, but came across a custom dialog type specified in Chris's dialog paradigms doc. Need to come up with better names for these dialogs. Perhaps I can mirror what Chris is doing.

---

## [2014-09-12 08:36] eso

finished 1st pass of dialog templates will review w CHris & Chip today

---

## [2014-09-12 09:29] eso

-	Zindagi (are mockups available for any of these?)
	-	Review
		-	review quest journal mockup revision (Jeremy)
		-	review mail mockup revision
			-	incorporates revised interaction design for outbox
		-	review vendor mockup(ask Michael)
		-	review bank mockup (in progress)

-	Dialogs
	x	layout metrics
	x	create templates
		x	user interaction dialog
		-	system message dialog
		-	tutorial dialog
	-	discuss Nick's idea for tutorial dialog
	-	review with Chris & Chip
		-	anything missing?

-	Skills
	-	transfer design from FW to Axure

-	Axure
	-	investigate Axureshare

-	Armor Dyeing
	-	create Axure prototype

-	Playtest
	-	provide feedback on character create
	-	provide feedback on Smithing

-	Visual design
	-	communicate default meter sizing to Marc H

---

## [2014-09-12 11:24] eso

working on layout for system invoked modal dialogs. As far as I can tell these are all tutorial dialogs

---

## [2014-09-12 11:50] eso

skipping ahead to notification dialog flow. I want to get stuff posted to confluence and drive this task forward. BVT is patching and need to reference some material in that build when its ready

---

## [2014-09-12 13:20] eso

fleshing out confluence text for dialog document

---

## [2014-09-12 16:35] eso

spoke w Chris about notification dialog. a better idea emerged that's symmetrical (in behavior) with player to player interactions.

---

## [2014-09-12 16:36] eso

doing some type research. Apparently we'll need to suppory Cyrillic alphabet

---

## [2014-09-12 17:51] eso

finished design for notification template. Somewhat rough. Included a scenario in which "respond later" is a valid option

---

## [2014-09-13 10:51] eso

getting Axure setup for web type & sharing

http://fast.fonts.net/cssapi/9a95417c-9338-48da-be2b-eef4b3e11c68.css
Futura PT W10 Cond Book
FuturaPTW10-CondMedium
Futura PT W10 Cond Bold

---

## [2014-09-13 11:14] eso

success. able to view axshare project on PC wo fonts installed, and also on iOS

---

## [2014-09-13 12:48] eso

refamiliarizing myself with Axure for a bit. playing with it

---

## [2014-09-13 15:44] eso

wondering if its possible for xpadder to change key repeat rate. Not obvious how to do so w xpadder.

---

## [2014-09-14 17:00] eso

continued experimentation w interaction design using axure and gamepad

---

## [2014-09-14 21:46] eso

worked out a scheme for switching focus between nav1 & a static panel associated with each list item. Should be trivial to replace one of those panels with another list?

---

## [2014-09-14 22:06] eso

yes, that was simple enough to do. have added submenu to menu list with independent control of focus and list navigation. nice

---

## [2014-09-15 13:36] eso

posted modal dialog and notification dialog templates to confluence

-	Zindagi (are mockups available for any of these?)
	-	Review
		-	review quest journal mockup revision (Jeremy)
		-	review mail mockup revision
			-	shows list behavior

		-	review vendor mockup
		-	review bank mockup
		x	review loot window mockup
		-	review armor dyeing mockup

-	Dialogs
	x	layout metrics
	x	create templates
		x	user interaction dialog
		x	notification dialog
		-	tutorial dialog
				-	study Last of Us tutorial dialogs for example of how fullscreen treatment can be used

-	Skills
	-	transfer design from FW to Axure

-	Axure
	x	investigate Axureshare

-	Armor Dyeing
	-	create Axure prototype

-	Panel Headers
	-	normalize across all designs
		-	player inventory
		-	vendor inventory
		-	skills
		-	crafting
			-	alchemy
			-	provisioning
			-	enchanting
			-	smithing
		-	Lore library
		-	Stables
		-	Trading
		-	Character Create
		-	Notification window
		-	AVA Window


-	Playtest
	-	provide feedback on character create
	-	provide feedback on Smithing

-	Visual design
	-	communicate default meter sizing to Marc H
	-	discuss radial menu

---

## [2014-09-15 15:57] eso

looking at vendor inventory. generally solid. need to refine the spinner interaction that happens when selling from a stack

---

## [2014-09-15 18:47] eso

worked out interaction design in FW, validating it in Axure

---

## [2014-09-15 18:55] eso

axure prototype is working great
-	add previous list scroll state, so the list has somewhere to travel if you scroll up during spinner interaction
-	add item icon placeholders to provide context
-	add instructions for use w keyboard
-	provide link to xpadder & profiles
-	post to axshare

---

## [2014-09-15 22:42] eso

this is so cool :)

---

## [2014-09-16 00:23] eso

significantly simplified design for vendor inventory sell from stack interaction. much simpler than before. Would perhjaps not have arrived at this without iterating through the possibilities in axure. nice work

---

## [2014-09-16 10:03] eso

-	Zindagi (are mockups available for any of these?)
	-	Review
		-	review mail mockup revision
			-	shows list behavior
		-	review Guild Store mockup
		-	review Guildd Bank mockup

		-	review quest journal mockup revision (Jeremy)

		x	review vendor mockup
		-	review bank mockup
		x	review loot window mockup
		-	review armor dyeing mockup

-	Dialogs
	x	layout metrics
	x	create templates
		x	user interaction dialog
		x	notification dialog
		-	tutorial dialog
				-	study Last of Us tutorial dialogs for example of how fullscreen treatment can be used

-	Skills
	-	transfer design from FW to Axure

-	Axure
	x	investigate Axureshare

-	Armor Dyeing
	-	create Axure prototype

-	Panel Headers
	-	normalize across all designs
		-	player inventory
		-	vendor inventory
		-	skills
		-	crafting
			-	alchemy
			-	provisioning
			-	enchanting
			-	smithing
		-	Lore library
		-	Stables
		-	Trading
		-	Character Create
		-	Notification window
		-	AVA Window


-	Playtest
	-	provide feedback on character create
	-	provide feedback on Smithing

-	Visual design
	-	communicate default meter sizing to Marc H
	-	discuss radial menu

---

## [2014-09-16 11:02] eso

playing through the build to remember how the skills screen works

---

## [2014-09-16 12:17] eso

vendor inventory sell wasnt as solved as I thought it was. Did not account for item cost salready existing in the right side of the panel
Revisiting that design

---

## [2014-09-16 16:17] eso

the mail design is in disarray. Ken is clearly advocating his original design, but I'm feeling less attached to that than before. The other guys seem curious to problem solve a more symmetrical approach, but Ken seems to keep shutting them down. Feeling like its up to me (it is) to resolve this and provide clear direction forward.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES
-	The way I read mail mirrors the way I compose mail
-	Attachments
	-	??? when composing mail, I add attachments to slots exposed in a vertical list
	-	when reviewing mail, I can inspect attachments in a vertical list

---

## [2014-09-16 17:45] eso

solved sell stack from vendor inventory

---

## [2014-09-16 18:21] eso

shared design w Zindagi

---

## [2014-09-16 22:22] eso

spent some time woreking with the mail screen. It may be a lot simpler than expected, or perhaps not. but I think its cleaner. I can add more detail and states here, but do not want to take this to completeion. Will sketch it out (includintg layout) and hand it off for completion

---

## [2014-09-17 09:59] eso

working on mail redesign. opening 2 game clients to study PC-UI flow

---

## [2014-09-17 10:38] eso

creating send mail scenario in FW

---

## [2014-09-17 13:17] eso

working on add attachment to mail interaction

---

## [2014-09-17 13:33] eso

not sure yet what the workflow for removing attachments shouldd be. If I select an existing attachment I'd expect to go to the attachment inventory list

---

## [2014-09-17 17:26] eso

MAIL design iteration2

How do I replace attachments
How do I review attachments
Postage cost is a primary stat that must be shown when sending mail
Do we send mail to an account name or a character name?

---

## [2014-09-17 23:02] eso

added funds & postage readouts to design

---

## [2014-09-17 23:46] eso

blocked out text entry fields as seen in Michaels design

---

## [2014-09-18 13:06] eso

Functional spec for Map Screen

zoom in/out
pan in any direction (using analog stick)
immediately jump to current location
drop marker at current location (i.e. set destination)

quests
view list of available quests
jump to location of any listed quest

legend
show legend off all map icons
show tooltip for any map marker under the cursor

locations
view maps for all listed locations
show name of current location
show current time

bounties
show bounty for current location

filters
allow map filters (on/off) for objectives, wayshrines & group members

Keep Upgrade window
map screen should support the display of the Keep Upgrade window

We do not need to show character name and level here, replace this informartion with Location Name, Location Bounty, Current Time

We do not need the ability to toggle map size

---

## [2014-09-19 08:25] eso

finish Mail design & scenarios today
-	verify (Chris/Nick) how the C.O.D. system works

---

## [2014-09-19 10:13] eso

while doing something else, have started applying normalized header scheme to inventory & character stats to see how the revision works grobally. Stay tuned!

---

## [2014-09-19 10:14] eso

working on send/recieve currency ibnteraction for mail screen. need to reference how currency is transferred to the bank in zindagi designs. sometghig was mentioned about a custom ecurrency spinner control

---

## [2014-09-19 17:21] eso

surprising complexity to the mail screen
worked out a potential methodd for sending or recieving currency, but not thrilled with it
have added layout for inbox attachments (items, currency, COD) thats working out well

---

## [2014-09-19 19:40] eso

mail's looking alright actually. The attach gold interaction is wrong though (although the heart of it is in the rightg place)

Needs to be 2 calls to action
SEND MONEY
RECEIVE MONEY (C.O.D.)

If the value of either of these is zero its drawn unchecked.

choosing send opens a currency spinner in a dropdown

If the value set >0 then send becomes the default and a checkmark is drawn next to the send menu item. The input value is shown in the gold counter

---

## [2014-09-19 22:15] eso

realizing that the currency widget needs some refinement.
-	at minimum - clear values
-	cool to have - use L2/R2 to increment decrement value by 10

---

## [2014-09-21 14:01] eso

did some refinement to currency widget. not convinced this is the optimal way to enter currency actually. planning to experiment w axure by prototyping this widget for gamepad. In the meantime I'm moving on to the attach item interaction in FW

---

## [2014-09-21 15:15] eso

Lets say then, that its not necessary to show the items attached to outgoing mail because they can be shown in the vertical list and also receive tooltip support in the simplet manner

Cyrodil is rife with bandits. They slew four caravan guides and made off with half my baggafe. But all is not lost! I recovered the chain mail from the guards' armor. A quick rinse, some polish, and I traded the lot in Bravil fro the material I have enclosed.

---

## [2014-09-21 22:01] eso

remain cuncertain how to attach items in the simplest way.
The simplest way is to treat each attachment slot like a dedicated slot
You can attach 1 item at a time
Attached items are shown in the equipment list with a checkmark
Choosing a previously attached item unattaches it
Unattaching an item removes it from its corresponding slot
You stay in "attach mode" until exiting w back button

NOIT QUITE THERE :(

---

## [2014-09-22 08:33] eso

quick edits before heading into the office

---

## [2014-09-22 10:49] eso

in the attachment interaction I'm working on right now, the simplest case (if  you will) the attachment call to actions corresond 1:1 with the attachment readout in the preview panel. Other possibilities can emerge from that no doubt, or maybe ok as is.

---

## [2014-09-22 12:01] eso

gettingthere. swapping in equipment icons helps
Not sure if the item name needs to be shown in the list. Plausible enough to show the Call to Action (ATTACH/REMOVE)

---

## [2014-09-22 13:23] eso

1 on 1 w Chris
performance review - Excellet, and also Outstanding in certain metrics!

---

## [2014-09-22 14:26] eso

reviewed Mail design w Jason, he's bussih on the ATTACH/RMOVE use case. So moving forward with that

---

## [2014-09-22 16:44] eso

adjusting content layout so it aligns with stuff

Abnab and his brother, Ezdab, have found for you a fine shipment of components. And en route, we slayed the largest frost atronach I have ever glimpsed. Must be mages around - we hid in a tree for a day, let the sun work on its armor before I cleft it in twain. When it was over, Ezdab said the sun was in his eyes, but I think he was weeping quietly.

---

## [2014-09-22 17:52] eso

more layout tweaking, expressing it across all pages and states before heading home

---

## [2014-09-22 21:35] eso

continuing work on map screen. standardizing FW doc for ez iteration

---

## [2014-09-22 22:29] eso

structuring the (now standardized) FW file into little scenarios

---

## [2014-09-22 23:19] eso

completed all scenarios for outgoing mail

---

## [2014-09-22 23:24] eso

-	Verify calls to action for inbox
-	Options Menu
-	View Attachments
	CROSS:	View Attachments
	SQUARE:	Take Attachments
	TRIANGLE: OPTIONS (possibly including View Attachments?)

---

## [2014-09-23 11:24] eso

modified add attachment interaction. done with that

---

## [2014-09-23 12:20] eso

working on inbox

-	It is not possible to delete a message without taking the attachments

-	What are the calls to action for a C.O.D. message?

INBOX conditions

-	Attached Gold
	-	Return to Sender
	-	Take Attachments
	-	Report Player


-	Attached Item + Gold
	-	Return to Sender
	-	Take Attachments
	-	Report Player

-	Attached item C.O.D.
	-	Return to Sender
	-	Take Attachments
		-	brings up PAY COD dialog
			"Pay COD: AMOUNT Taking this item will require you to pay the C.O.D. fee. Are you sure?"
			-	Accept/Decline
	-	Report Player

Messages w attachments can only be deleted when the attachments have been taken or returned to sender

-	Delete Mail
	-	Delete mail confirm dialog

-	Options
	-	Report Player

---

## [2014-09-23 18:07] eso

provide for Jeremy
-	Alliance War Overview screen
	-	Ask Engineering how accurate are the readouts for server population for each alliance?
x	Roster List pattern
	x	send over the sketch I made
	x	show multiple states
x	Currency Spinner
	-	send example of currency spinner widget
	-	include multiple states
x	Header treatment
	-	send example of header treatment

---

## [2014-09-23 22:44] eso

INBOX

-	Options Menu
-	View Attachments List
-	Return to Sender Dialog (?)><<

---

## [2014-09-23 22:59] eso

started confluence doc for mail

---

## [2014-09-24 10:24] eso

-	review mail design w zindagi
x	talk thru feedback w Nick
	x	Vendor
	x	text chat
	x	group
x	review Loot w Marc H

---

## [2014-09-24 12:32] eso

waiting for zindagi to arrive at webex meeting

---

## [2014-09-25 10:04] eso

-	complete edits to Mail Screen
	x	add/remove multiple scenario
	x	options menu
	x	view attachments list
	x	color coded system messages
	-	post to Confluence
-	Bank dialogs
	-	deposit gold
	-	withdraw gold
	-	post to dialog framework doc
	-	notify Jeremy when done
-	discuss armor dyeing design (Michael/Ken/Jeremy)
	-	4:30p WebEx meeting scheduled
-	Widget Design
	-	Currency Spinner
	-	Dropdown Menu (refine)
-	Speak w Paul Sage re: Perfomance Evaluation
	-	collate design ideas discussed during mail design review
-	what is everyone working on right now?
	-	audit JIRA and compile list
-	Skills screen design
	-	create Axure template
	-	post to confluence
	-	ask zindagi to use this pattern
-	Settings screen modify layout
x	Where can I find current state of Bank design?
	x	Chip needs to know details
		x	mockups available?
		x	paper prototypes available
x	Review Ken's preliminary design for Map screen
x	review Jeremy's design revisions

---

## [2014-09-25 16:49] eso

finished updating inbox scenarios for mail screen

I hope my tale isn't boring you, patron. Here are more components, as requested. These would never have reached you if not for that mangy dog. "Plucky" clamped sharp teeth on that fat Orc's... private parts... giving me time to unsling my warhammer and bring the business end down with all my might. The Orc dropped like a sack of rabbit meatballs

---

## [2014-09-25 22:34] eso

finshed confluence doc for inbox
starting confluence doc for outbox

---

## [2014-09-26 14:55] eso

still working on documenting the outbox. Its fairly detailed. Create Confluence stubs for Header & Footer standardization docs

---

## [2014-09-26 17:11] eso

Rethought item attachment meethod, because it was getting stupidly complex. I have a working solution:

-	Items are always added to the first attachment slot
-	Items already in the attachment list are pushed to the right when a new item is added
-	Only 6 items can be attached at any time
	-	Existing items are pushed to the right when a new item is added
	-	When the list is full and a new item is added existing items are pushed out of the attachment list and are no longer attached
-	When an item is removed from the list all other items are pulled to the left

---

## [2014-09-27 09:45] eso

I think the major issue I'm having with this attachment flow is a desire to allow player to continue attaching items, which will end up pushing existing attachments off the attachment list. In practice, its not useful. maybe.

---

## [2014-09-27 10:40] eso

Yes. Its much simpler

---

## [2014-09-27 12:18] eso

added updated attachment flow gfx to confluence

---

## [2014-09-28 13:49] eso

What do I want to have available tomorrow?
x	P1	2	completed mail design
-	P1	2	header design
			-	alchemy
			-	mail
			-	inventory
			-	characterstats

-	P1	2	footer design
-	P2	3	currency spinner widget
-	P2 	5	updated settings design
-	P3	2	vertical list disabled states
-	P3	2	options menu
-	P4	3	update character select scfreen

---

## [2014-09-28 15:10] eso

finished mail design :) Its sort of great.

---

## [2014-09-28 16:47] eso

working on headers doc. Its broad enough that I'm not certain what to include, but keeping it simple is best. Need to show pattern for generic values as well as currency (where the currency icons line up)

---

## [2014-09-28 17:19] eso

Headers - what to communicate?
-	consistent left margin for different types of content
-	horizontal rules - when? always?

---

## [2014-09-29 09:40] eso

-	Skills screen design
	-	create Axure template
	-	post to confluence
	-	ask zindagi to use this pattern
-	Widget Design
	-	Currency Spinner
	-	Dropdown Menu (refine)
	-	collate design ideas discussed during mail design review
-	Speak w Paul Sage re: Perfomance Evaluation
-	Audit Smithing/Crafting - layout is a mess
-	create panel anatomy doc
	-	post to confluence
	-	discuss w Jason
-	armor dyeing design exploration (Michael/Ken)
-	Cleanup Inventory design to reflect in-game usage
-	Settings screen modify layout

---

## [2014-09-29 11:50] eso

Collated list of implemented screens (1st pass)

---

## [2014-09-29 13:28] eso

collating and compiling reference for Panel anatomy doc

---

## [2014-09-29 15:51] eso

doing some cleanup of inventory FW design

---

## [2014-09-29 16:14] eso

building new skills template FW doc

WHAT"S WRONG WITH SKILLS?
-	No visibility into what is contained in each skill line
-	constant diving into and out of skill lines to access the skills within
	-	If Skill Lines were presented in paged menu, there would be no need to dive in & out

---

## [2014-09-29 18:06] eso

Potential solution?
What would it take to bring this work into Axure from FW?ud

---

## [2014-09-29 21:49] eso

working on interaction design in axure. very simple representation

---

## [2014-09-29 23:53] eso

prototyping is going well. not entirely sure what its telling me yet, but its telling me something.
Some test case for what I'm doing:
Choose the Milk
	- pick each kind of milk

---

## [2014-09-30 00:06] eso

Followup conversation w Chris about Champion System UI
-	an alternative to entering a modal state to increment and decrement point values is to use a radial menu that allows you to choose increment/decrement repeatedly as long as the menu is open

---

## [2014-09-30 10:29] eso

reviewing Marc's work on character select art
-	determine meter height by comparing final asset to wireframes
-	measure panels w content in PSD file
-	panel heights?

---

## [2014-09-30 13:24] eso

syncing up w Marc's art assets
spoke w IT about movingto new office and need to connect directly to TV
Reviewed some dialogs Jeremy presented

---

## [2014-09-30 13:25] eso

-	Review Marc H art pass on Character Select
x	Review Kens work w Map & Keep Upgrade Screen
x	Misc Zindagi review & feedback
-	Skills screen design
	-	create Axure template
	-	post to confluence
	-	ask zindagi to use this pattern
-	create panel anatomy doc
	-	post to confluence
-	Widget Design
	-	Currency Spinner
	-	Dropdown Menu (refine)
	-	collate design ideas discussed during mail design review
-	Settings screen modify layout
-	Audit Smithing/Crafting - layout is a mess
-	armor dyeing design exploration (Michael/Ken)
-	Cleanup Inventory design to reflect in-game usage

---

## [2014-09-30 15:26] eso

working on Axure protototype for Skills screen

---

## [2014-09-30 17:55] eso

I've connected a number of parts for this prototype. Is on the verge of becoming unwieldy, but I believe that it can inform the overall desig - its sort of exciting to see it work.

---

## [2014-09-30 21:42] eso

continued woreking in Axure. Definitely cumbersome at this point, but I think most of the heavy lifting is done.

---

## [2014-09-30 22:56] eso

prototype is working well. Need to add more?
replace text labels with game nomenclature

---

## [2014-09-30 23:36] eso

replacing the text labels still
having trouble anchoring myself to the level that I'm selecting. need to provide additional cues. For example, the different datatypes are formatted differently. Representing that will definitely clarify

SKILL TREE
Class
Weapon
Armor


SKILL LINE

10 Aedric Spear
----------------

12 Dawns Wrath
----------------

13 Restoring Light
----------------


SKILL

()	Radial Sweep
	----------------

()	Puncturing Strikes
	----------------

()	Piercing Javelin
	----------------

---

