# Raw Entries for December 2014

**Total Entries:** 110
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-12-01 09:52] eso

What are you doing this week?

-	Font Swap
	-	Cleanup Item Tooltip layout
	-	cleanup ability tooltip layout

-	Evaluating Armor Dyeing Implementation & Design
-	Layout Standards
	-	Create design doc for hintbar and post to confluence
	-	UI audit
		-	identify "checklist" or group issues into categories sto completeness can be quantified and granular
-	Map design
	x	provided updated documentation for map re-work
	x	Who is working on map screen at Zindagi?
		-	David Hind?
		-	Chris Kaynor?
		-	Ken?
		-	Michael?
		-	Jeremy?

-	Map out estimates for this on a timeline and see how it fits into meeting end of sprint 12/10
-	Create Subtasks in JIRA

---

## [2014-12-01 10:37] eso

standardization audit
-	review Kens documentation
-	ask yourself - where does the dialog framework update you're doing fit into this? How would you identify it? How would you quantify it?

---

## [2014-12-01 11:33] eso

meeting w Ken to discuss dialogs header, options menus, inventory extras

---

## [2014-12-01 13:03] eso

establishing visual standards and preparing feedback for Jeremy's customer service mockups
-	providing him w accurate layout templates
-	mockups should use generic "help" icon before text labels
-	mockups need to specify how keyboard UI works w gamepad and keyboard

---

## [2014-12-01 13:34] eso

UI consistency bucket list
-	icons before all menu items in all cases
-	consistent hint bar

---

## [2014-12-01 14:15] eso

Alex has free time for UI design
-	find tasks to assign him immediately!

---

## [2014-12-01 14:26] eso

updating inventory design w revised enchant, repair, charge, destroy layouts

---

## [2014-12-01 15:55] eso

updated inventory design
updating map design in preparation for this afternoon's phone conference

---

## [2014-12-01 16:22] eso

doing some design cleanup on customer service UI in preparation for meeting w Jeremy

---

## [2014-12-02 22:13] eso

discussed Keep upgrade UI with Alex and assigned the task to him
updated dialog framework design doc

---

## [2014-12-02 23:21] eso

additional work on the Customer Service Menu focusing on keyboard data entry interaction

---

## [2014-12-03 15:20] eso

finished Customer Service/Help cleanup
provided Anand at Zindagi w the "quantum information" (lol) to update the dialog templates
working on design exploration for paging nav and vertical list afffordances to discuss w Chris S later today

fDf34gnu4n

Race
Class
Body Type
Head Type
Features
Body Shape
Features
Face
Eyes
Ears
Nose
Mouth

---

## [2014-12-04 09:50] eso

-	Provide direction to Zindagi on AVA Map tooltips
	-	examine usage scenarios in game
	-	incorporate into map template
	-	ask them to increase font side of Legend panel
	-	icons in legend panel are placed too close together. match the provided layout template
	-	panels are placed incorrectly
-	Discuss emotes UI w Jeremy
	-	somethings missing with the designs that have been posted. not sure what
-	Playtest game and document what you're seeing
-	Look thru Ken's UI Consistency spreadsheet

---

## [2014-12-04 11:09] eso

new fonts are in. They look good
started taking notes on overall UI during playthru

---

## [2014-12-04 13:44] eso

finally got into Cyrodiil
looking at AVA map tooltips

---

## [2014-12-04 16:20] eso

making progress on tjhose AVA tooltips working through the use cases I identified earlier

---

## [2014-12-04 16:54] eso

finished design work on AVA tooltips cleaning up layout before posting to confluence

---

## [2014-12-05 10:56] eso

Alex has some great ideas about the map workflow that I'm going to integrate into the design and will need to communicate to Zindagi

-	update map design so that map tooltips and any list behaviors/dialogs are never onscreen at the same time
	-	for the travel menu, any travel cost information will be embedded in the vertical list

---

## [2014-12-05 12:32] eso

Chris Kaynor sent out a complex message to me havingto do with overlapping tooltips that I'm thinking through

---

## [2014-12-05 13:34] eso

sent out response to zindagi map pin tooltip questions

---

## [2014-12-05 13:45] eso

taking a second look at the AVA tooltips i designed yesterday, still not satisfied with them. Need an additional iteration.

---

## [2014-12-05 14:37] eso

got the information I needed to join a large guild

(12/5/2014 1:57 PM) William Shook:
On BVT:

)guild join 375

)guild makeleader 375
(12/5/2014 1:58 PM) William Shook:
The guild already has 55 people in it, so you should be good to use the store

---

## [2014-12-05 14:43] eso

Spoke w Brian Wheeler about AVA Map tooltips
-	we only show Siege weapon count for a players alliance unless a location is under attack, at which point we show the attackers siege weapon count

---

## [2014-12-05 16:09] eso

fuck. these. map. tooltips

---

## [2014-12-05 18:01] eso

finished AVA map tooltips
created layout metrics for Map legend panel
Alex was insightful to recognize that entering a modal state should remove existing tooltip panels on the right hand side of the screen.
-	modify Travel menu to show travel cost in the list

---

## [2014-12-06 14:44] eso

updated map doc w AVA tooltips, revised travel menu and quest menu and provided layout metrics for Legend panel

---

## [2014-12-06 14:45] eso

Evaluating Guild Commerce Screens

---

## [2014-12-06 14:55] eso

started doing some cleanup & playing with list nav & paging ideas

BID ON GUILD TRADER
-	Unable to fully evaluate
	-	My guild has 56 members but when I try to bid on a guild trader I am presented with an error condition stating that I dont have enough members in my guild

-	Guild confirmation Nav from dropdown feels awkward. This flow needs to be revised
	-	walkthrough zindagi design with Ken

-	Screen messaging is poorly organized and dense. The preview panel uses the wrong font (too small). Layout needs revision
	-	SUGGEST flow

-	UI Covers NPC
	-	Consider that if this layout moved the preview panel to NAV3 , the NPC can be placed center screen

HIRE GUILD TRADER

-	UI Covers NPC
	-	Consider that if this layout moved the preview panel to NAV3 , the NPC can be placed center screen

-	Guild confirmation Nav from dropdown feels awkward. This flow needs to be revised
	-	walkthrough zindagi design with Ken

I just realized that the reason I couldnt use the guild trader is because I dont have enough money. I'd added currecny to my character and in fact went back and double checked that I had enough gold in my inventory. However the guild trader uses gold from your guild bank. This needs to be made clear in the messaging on this screen - perhaps prompting players to deposit or request that funds be placed in the guild bank

GUILD BANK
-	Non obvious what my options are here. Paging Nav needs to be revised to provide better affordance of additional choices

	WITHDRAW
	-	I have 0 Gold in the bank and am being presented with the choice of Withdrawing Gold. Call to Action on Hintbar should be dimmed
		-	GRB: Create Hintbar design specification

-	GUILD SELECTION OPTIONS MENU

	-	Vertical list is incorrectly placed
	-	Vertical list should show checkmark next to currently selected guild
	-	Options Menu needs messaging support
		-	GRB: Provide layout for options menu with messaging

	-	Going Somnewhere else to choose a different guild feels awkward in practice. Explore a method

-	DEPOSIT
	-	Unable to see guild bank balance here. I only see my carried funds
	-	Don't need sto see my inventory capacity here

	-	DEPOSIT GOLD
		-	Currency widget should disallow entry of invalid values
		-	Currency widget behavior feels "loose" very easy to end up in the wrong data entry field
		-	the currency widget should provide a method to clear the counter

---

## [2014-12-07 14:08] eso

setup a new FW file for working on the currency counter later on
continuing to evaluate Guild COmmerce BVT patching at the moment

---

## [2014-12-07 14:26] eso

I've deposited gold into my guild bank and am heading back to the Guild Trader NPC

---

## [2014-12-07 14:36] eso

created guild commerce FW doc to capture revisions

BID ON GUILD TRADER
I'm understanding this flow better now. The way its presented needs to be more modal - UI needs to be broken out into more independent panels.
-	Which Guild
-	How Much (to bid)
-	When does the bidding end?
-	Have I been outbid?

I ran into a bug when I joined another guild from within the UI. Restarted the game to see if it corrects itself

I'm not seeing the point of bidding - when I place a higher bid with a different guild and return to the guild that placed the lower bid, I see no indication that I've been outbid - testing on PC-UI to see how that works. It works the same way there.

My problem with this interaction, which seems to be as-designed is that if I can't see that I've been outbid, I have no reason to update my bid. I'm also not seeing a record of my bidding activity on the Guild BUG (on PC or Console). Suggest that the Guild Trader section of the Guild HUB UI be updated to show that a bid has been placed (amount, time remaining, outbid warning)
-	In the guild list I need to see that a guild has placed a bid, without having to select that guild (show the bid amount)
-	In the guild list I need to see that a guild has been outbid (color code the bid amount red)
-	I need to know when the bidding has concluded without having to return to the guild HUB screen or a specific guild traded (suggest that we show this as a system message in-game)
-	I need to know the name of my Guild Trader and where to find him on the map

I'm unable to advance time to see what happens when the bidding ends (bidding closes in 15 hours)
-	Ask QA if its possible to force this condition

HIRE GUILD TRADER
Hiring workflow is awkward, needs to be streamlines as mentiond for HIRE GUILD TRADER

I've hjired a guild trader. The NPC's costume changed to let me know. Returning to the NPC the conversational option to inbteract with him ihas changed from "Hire Guild Trader" to "Guild Store (Guildname)"

What does that NPC look like from another character's perspective? Logging in w a different character to see

They show up on the compass as NPC Name/Guild Trader (GuildName)
They show up on the map as Guild Trader/NPC Name
-	Map tooltip should state Guild Trader (GuildName)/NPC Name


GUILD STORE

Right now the store is empty. Looking at it on PC. How does it looke on COnsole?

UI Error upon screen entry. Restarting.

Still getting UI error, but effectively seeing an empty list - eeds to show "empty list message"

Studying the Sell Ityem flow on PC
-	Which item to list (show listed/unlisted state)
	- 	List this Item
	-	Remove this listing (if already listed)

-	How much to sell item for
	-	show listing fee deficit
	-	show house cut deficit
	-	show profit after deficits
-	confirm this item listing
-	cancel this item listing

-	Listing Capacity (30 items)
	-	How many items have already been listed
	-	error: Listing capacity

Unable to test Guild Store on BVT due to UI error
Looking through Guild Commerce design docs on Confluence to see what happens next

---

## [2014-12-07 16:38] eso

Taking a look at Guild Bank

GUILD BANK
	-	PAGING
		-	L1/R1 Nav hides the functions of the UI, use revised global scheme for paging nav

	-	GUILD SELECTION
		-	Menu should be titled "Change Guild"
		-	Message text in panel header "Select a guild to view its bank"
		-	vertical list positioning is incorrect
		-	what do the alliance icons next to guild names mean?
		-	place a checkmark next to the currently selected guild

	-	HINTBAR
		-	Hintbar Text should read "Change Guild"
		-	Hintbar Text should read "Deposit Item"
		-	Remove "Back" option

	-	STATS
		-	funds labeling needs to be more specific, not sure what I'm looking at;
		-	DEPOSIT MODE
			-	Guild Name (name)
			-	Bank Space (x/y)
			-	Guild Bank (bank gold)
			-	Gold (my gold)

		-	WITHDRAW MODE
			-	Guild Name (name)
			-	Inventory Space (x/y)
			-	Guild Bank (bank gold)
			-	Gold (my gold)


-	DEPOSIT

	-	ITEM LIST
		-	Item list vertical center (focused item) is placed too low on the screen

---

## [2014-12-07 20:42] eso

spent time refining and exploring paging nav for inclusion into guild commerce revision

---

## [2014-12-08 09:59] eso

-	collate Guild Bank feedback
	-	panel layout
	-	Guild Selection menu
	-	currency counter
	-	use existing paging nav
-	Revise Guild Trader Flow

-	meet w Chris to discuss how bidding on a Guild Trader works
-	further exploration on paging nav
	-	apply to Guild Bank layout
-	meet w Alex to discuss AVA tooltips
-	See if Guild Store is working after patching BVT
-	refine currency counter design to incorporate confirmation required to adjust a value (its feeling to slippery right now)

-	start hintbar design doc
-	further exploration on vertical list nav affordances & layout
-	work out revised flow for Guidl trader

---

## [2014-12-08 14:21] eso

Bobby put together a quick prototype of the iconic paging Nav example I explored. Its promising.

---

## [2014-12-08 14:55] eso

GUILD TRADER

---

## [2014-12-08 14:57] eso

seeing if I can join a new large guild to speak about workflow w CHris

---

## [2014-12-08 16:11] eso

spoke w Michael about currency spinner and brainstormed some ideas for making it less slippery, nodifying layout and preventing data entry of invalid values. Micghael suggested great idea that maxing the highest digit would simply max the control to show All The Available gold. He will work w Margalit to test these ideas over there and report back to me.
-	also strikes me as obvious (in hindsight) that the numerical spinners should not wrap. They need to clamp at 0 and 9
-	add control to clear values to 0

---

## [2014-12-08 20:59] eso

revising bid on guild trader design

---

## [2014-12-08 22:09] eso

Bid on Guild flow is coming together well
x	add currency counter state for place bid

Hire Guild
-	how much of Bid on Guild can be adapted?

Guild Bank Deposit & Withdraw
-	incorporate revised/simplified currency widget into design

---

## [2014-12-08 22:28] eso

worked out add currency flow. Will run this design by Chris to validate before sending out feedback

---

## [2014-12-09 08:45] eso

cleaned up and annotated guild trader design. Review w Chris and post to COnfluence then send out feedback

---

## [2014-12-09 14:34] eso

updated Hire Guild trader Design
getting some FUD on Bidding for a Guild Trader - meeting w Philip Draven to discuss further later today. If I don't hear back from him by 5p - I'll ask Nick to make the decision

---

## [2014-12-09 15:01] eso

goals for remainder of worksession  1
-	complete Guild Bank design revision

---

## [2014-12-09 15:37] eso

testing Bid on Guild Trader w 2 different usernames before speaking w Phil

---

## [2014-12-09 16:19] eso

have set up a scenario where both my characters have placed bids on a guild trader

---

## [2014-12-10 09:00] eso

BVT crashing uipon launch. fantastic. restarting to see if that makes a difference

---

## [2014-12-10 09:44] eso

working on guild bank design revision

---

## [2014-12-10 09:49] eso

finished guild bank design revision. writing up feedback for it.

GUILD BANK
	-	ITEM LIST
		-	implemet "empty list" use case as specified in design doc

	-	DEPOSIT/WITHDRAW ITEMS
		-	Use a transition upon depositing or withdrawing an item.
			-	upon selection, item dissolves to opacity = 0
			-	after selected item dissolves, the list shifts to fill the empty space

	-	GUILD SELECTION MENU
		-	(confluence reference)
		-	Title should read "Change Guild"
		-	Message text in panel header should read "Select a guild to view its bank"
		-	Update vertical list placement and content as shown in design doc
		-	Guild icons should scale larger for focused entry
		-	Place a checkmark next to the currently selected guild

	-	HINTBAR
		-	Order and label hintbar icons as specified in design doc
			-	BACK should be placed after CONFIRM
			-	Hintbar Text for guild selection should read "Change Guild"
			-	Hintbar text should state "Deposit Item" and "Withdraw Item"

	-	STATS
			-	order and label stat values as shown in the design doc

	-	DEPOSIT/WITHDRAW GOLD
		-	I've revised the deposit/withdraw gold interaction. These activities now happen in a modal dialog

GUILD HUB
	-	Guild Hub layout needs to be adjusted to include Bank Gold label/value pair in panel header (confluence)

GUILD TRADER

I've changed the interaction design for Hiring/Bidding on Guild Trader to support a modal approach to guild selection and bidding/hiring. The navigation was very similar to the PC-UI and in general I found that using a dropdown menu to conditionally show content within a vertical list wasn't working well.

	-	BID ON GUIILD TRADER

	-	HIRE GUILD TRADER
		-	Guild Selection and hiring in a single panel feels awkward. I've revised this interaction to use a more wizard-like modal approach
		-	use the revised Guild Selection & Hiring flow flow specified in design doc (confluence)

	-	HIRING CONFIRMATION DIALOG
		-	Eliminate this dialog so that the Hire is made upon confirming the amount after data entry

---

## [2014-12-10 11:50] eso

spoke w Philip Draven (love that name!) aboutGuild Trader bidding issues. He described his intent for the system and so I'm keeping the UI as designed.

---

## [2014-12-10 13:26] eso

getting ready to post Guild Trader revision to confluence

Guilds must have unlocked Guild Stores to hire a guild trader. This guild does not have the required 50 members

---

## [2014-12-10 16:51] eso

cleaned up messaging for Hire Guild Trader. Now posting to confluence.

---

## [2014-12-10 17:46] eso

created email draft for guild trader feedback
still working on updating confluence docs

---

## [2014-12-10 18:36] eso

updated Guild Trader confluence doc. Make one small edit to currency data entry and include guild name above the currency spinner call to action

---

## [2014-12-11 10:56] eso

sent out guild trader feedback
doing some cleanup on guild bank design
writing up guild bank feedback

---

## [2014-12-11 15:13] eso

responding to zindagi questions about unstuck feature in customer service menu and Guild Screen design details

You can only use /stuck once every hour. Please try again in 42m 40s

Using the stuck command will teleport you to the nearest wayshrine. You will be charged 64G

---

## [2014-12-11 15:25] eso

updated unstuck dialogs to use cash value and cooldown value. Sending that off to Geoff M

---

## [2014-12-11 16:31] eso

trying to evaluate Guild Store
Crashes on Development Client unable to test
Asked Dan B to create a guild for me on Coders so I can see if the feature works there
If that doesn't work, I'll need to speak w QA for advice on how to test

---

## [2014-12-11 16:39] eso

Doesn't work on Coders either

---

## [2014-12-11 18:32] eso

viewed Guild Store on PS4 at Smatha Weeks desk. Took some screen captures which I will need to retrieve tomorrow. These are of the guils store view when I go to a Guild Trader. Simple layout cleanup there. nothing major.

---

## [2014-12-11 18:45] eso

Spoke w Paul about some issues he came across while working on The Guild screens. Work out these details tonight and chat w him again in the am

GUILD HUB
x	need to show Guild Bank value
x	can remove Date Founded stat
-	refine sizing and placement of the keep ownership & Guild Trader blocks
	-	these need to be able to accomodate 2 lines of text
-	This iconography means nothing without text support. Is it even necessary?
	-	Guild Bank enabled
	-	Guild Heraldry enabled
	-	Guild Store enabled

ROSTER LIST
-	my design template specifies 10 line entries
-	nothing magical about that number
-	The gfx panel fading is restricting the amount we can show here at once
-	Sould the paging buttons be embedded inthe panel rather than on the hint bar?
	-	Ive seen 2 different designers do so, which leads me to think that yes, they should be

---

## [2014-12-11 18:58] eso

spoke w Jason K about my intent to modify the vertical list behavior. Its still very preliminary but I asked him to research what is involved with using a variable size focus item in a list

---

## [2014-12-11 21:47] eso

oh, a new BVT build. Perhaps this fixes the crash at launch

---

## [2014-12-11 22:11] eso

still fucking crashing.great
Patching development build - which looks like it will take several hours

Guild Bank is enabled. Visit a banker to access the contens of the guild's bank

Guild Heraldry is enabled

Guild Store is disabled. Unlocked with 50 members. You may still purchase for the store and cancel your listings.

---

## [2014-12-11 23:17] eso

working on Guild Hub panel. simplifying it. better

ALLIANCE WAR OWNERSHIP
Nothing Owned

GUILD TRADER
None Hired

---

## [2014-12-12 00:16] eso

finished Guild Hub design revision, will discuss w Paul tomorrow am - its  one of two choices, - determination to be made by the type of labels that get shown in alliance war ownership and guild trader status
-	investigate inclusion of a bidding state (timer + bid amount) fir guidl trader.

---

## [2014-12-12 00:18] eso

did some further investigation of list nav and paging nav. Paging nav is starting to feel real. list nav less so

---

## [2014-12-12 09:35] eso

I am told there is a successful BVT build
Ah. nice. Its running

---

## [2014-12-12 10:30] eso

reviewing Guild Store Mananager
(its a mess, but getting there?)

LISTINGS
-	ITEM LIST
	-	Item list placement should match that of inventory
	-	Supplemental typography for line items is too small
		-	devise a method of showing the seller and time left for each listing more cleanly
		-	should this use the roster list pattern?
	-	Difficult to tell which line item I'm looking at
	-	List scrolling behavior is strange
		-	when I scroll through items, the item labels are animating in response to the icon scaling behavior of the focused item
	-	no affordance provided for sorting by name & time left
	-	interacting with sorting fields with scroll-left and scroll-right to switch focus between sorting fields (press confirm to sort) isn't working well. hard to discover, although easy enough to do once discovered
		-	It clutters the list layout and makes it awkward
	-	Using R3 to toggle between sorting criteria IS working well. Feels obvious, and is gratifying to see the list update. Has the additional benefit of not requiring a confirmation
		-	we will use that mechanic here and elsewhere to toggle short lists of sort criteria
		-	I'm assuming this method doesn't work as well for longer sort criteria, such as Roster & COntacts
			-	need to take another look at the roster design and see if toggle-sorting can apply there as well

---

## [2014-12-12 10:46] eso

switching focus back to the Guild HUB screen. For chat w Paul later

---

## [2014-12-12 11:37] eso

have made some pretty cool changes to the guild hub (simpler, better)
posting to confluence

---

## [2014-12-12 12:17] eso

QUEST JOURNAL OPTIONS need cleanup
-	we missed this on the feedback pass
-	speak to COlin and have him assign the task appropriately
-	provide visual reference for options menu

---

## [2014-12-12 12:22] eso

updated guild hub for consistency
doing some refinement of guild ranks as well

---

## [2014-12-12 13:44] eso

finished up further modifications to Guild Hub and Ranks
-	work on layout cleanup for Edit Rank Permissions

---

## [2014-12-12 14:23] eso

chatting w Paul B at zindagi about Guild screens

---

## [2014-12-12 14:45] eso

good chat w Paul, expressed what my design goals are, described what I'm working on, etc...

---

## [2014-12-12 16:48] eso

the panel switching focus pattern came up in the Guild Ranks screen, so I'm working through a standard behavior for it. Will ask Paul to implement a very basic case whweere everything in the inactive NAV panel becomes grey and see if anything further needs to be done

---

## [2014-12-12 17:10] eso

Setting guild permissions started life as a global operation in which you could set the permissions on all guilds in a spreadsheet view. It can't be that anytmore - the majority of the Guild Rank screen is dominated by the presentation of permissions for the selected rank. Can't think of a good reason to not directly manipulate that

---

## [2014-12-12 18:05] eso

revised layout for edit rank permissions
moving on to guild history
-	will also need to document switch panel focus behavior
	-	its a first formal pass - I think the better solution is to swap between vertical rail assets as I explored this am (as also seen in Skyrim)

---

## [2014-12-14 21:29] eso

finished refining the Guild Ranks page. Moved change permissions to the edit mode rather than including it as a seperate keybind, and worked out data entry for rename rank. Taking a final look at the implemented stsrem on BVT to validate
	-	modified change permissions interaction to use direct manipulation of info that already being prominently displayed
	-	modified layout of change logo grid
	-	specified behavior/apperarance of switching active panel
	-	changed text data entry pattern to match that used on rosters screen

---

## [2014-12-14 21:37] eso

As i navigate freely through these screens is self evident that building up the paged menu nav into a proper iconic tabbed menu system is essential. Its extremely easy for me to get lost. Enough to the point that I cant help wondering if some kind of breadcrumbing would be useful (no idea how that could be laied out given current constraints)

In truth, the rank editor could all exit in the preview panl, given that we're swiotching back and forth to it at times. every option listed in the "edit rank" menu could be placed directly on that panel, eliminating the requirement for a menu at all.

---

## [2014-12-14 21:43] eso

doing quick review of the Heraldry Page
-	needs nav1 message to describe the activity further
-	Heraldry menu needs icons support - refer Paul to Marc H for this
-	Hint bar
	-	swap order of keybinds so select is first, back is 2nd
	-	show guildmaster/members online in the hintbar
-	Do not dim the content of the preview panel (ever)
-	Dim the nav1 panel when focus switches as specified
	-	(TODO: post design for panel swapping to confluence in Layout Guide)
-	Color swatch focus for current color should match vertical position of the focused item in nav1 list
-	Eliminate grey hilite behind focused color when navigating thru it
-	STYLE SELECTOR PANEL
	-	Messaging is vague. What am I selecting?
	-	Dimmed state of inactive content in STYLE SELECTOR PANEL should not reduce opacity as it is doing. Im unable to clearly see the TYPE of TABARD I chose.
	-	Fix typography
	-	eliminate blue hilite behind type selection widget



-	ITEM GRIDS
	-	navigation between these grids is very slippery, Its too easy to move up/down when I'm trying to move left/right

-	ICONOGRAPHY
	-	Current selection state of each menu item should be used as the menu icon (if its a color, trhen use a color swatch icon)

-	SELECTING
	-	use checkmark icon next to any menu items that contain selected content

-	PURCHASING
	-	current cost of changes should be shown in panel body, not the hint bar
	-	dim the APPLY changes ICON/LABEL pair when not enough fund in the guild bank
	-	could not hurt to try putting a "not enough fuinds" message along with the item costs
	-	P


TODO: Specify design examples for Heraldry to review w Paul tomorrow am (estimate 2h)

---

## [2014-12-14 22:14] eso

Reviewing History Page

HISTORY
-	NAV1 PANEL
	-	include panel message to describe this activity further

-	NAV1 LIST
	-	menu items need icon support - speak to Marc H about this

-	SCROLLABLE ACTIVITY LOG
	-	Why do we use Paged Scrolling here (LT/RT) when I notice I'm able to scroll through the entire list line by line without needing to page at all
	-	Unless there's a technical reason to the contrary, I prefer that we use the RS to scroll the contents of this panel
		-	Hiliting the items in an action log makes me feel like I can take further actiuon on them, when in fact, I cant


PANEL FOCUS PATTERN
-	refer Paul to design specification
-	(todo: posty design specification)
-	When the focus switches to the preview panel, LB/RB page nav should be disabled. Suggest also dimming/hiding the button icons

---

## [2014-12-15 13:46] eso

updated confluence w use cases for Guild Ranks page

---

## [2014-12-15 14:13] eso

chatting about Guilds screen w Paul at Zindagi

---

## [2014-12-15 23:24] eso

completed heraldry design cleanup><>

---

## [2014-12-16 09:59] eso

still thinking aboyt L1/R1 NAV solutions. I'm suspectingthat the entire system needs to be scrapped. Its not a layout issue. Its a broken hierarchy issue. Using irt obn the guild screen feels awkward.

TO DO TONIGHT
-	Identify the places in the game where this type of navigation is used

---

## [2014-12-16 10:20] eso

Marc has modified layout of loot window. Zindagi is asking me to validate those changes

x	Speak to Marc about his intentions w this update. What is gained. What is lost?

---

## [2014-12-16 16:12] eso

finished layout for various states of heraldry page. posting to confluence

---

## [2014-12-16 16:49] eso

looking at map tooltips on current BVT
Chris has done nice work on this
collating feeback for our upcoming discussion

MAP FEEDBACK

-	TOOLTIPS
	-	would like to see tooltips dissolve in/out instead of hard cut

	-	tooltip panel width & position do not match design template

	-	RS widget for scrolling tooltips is falling outside of safe title. Place the widget on the left side of the panel instead

	-	color code player name to be same color (cyan) as player map marker

	-	Tooltip content grouping is generally too tight. I will provide detailed metrics for placement

	-	Too much detail specified in all tooltips with NPC vendors. best to follow PC-UI usage here and cluster the groupings as we are doing, but remove the header from each cluster

	-	remove (eng) prefixes from tooltip text. makes them difficult to evaluate

	-	The overlap area on the cursor seems too sensitive. Discuss with Chris how the range of this can be made more specific. There are too many combined tooltips being displayed. Its OK to force players to zoom in for more granularity/resolution

	-	iconography in tooltip panels is too small. need to work out how to show larger icons here. They're unreadable from a distance


	-	color code questline titles when they appear in tooltips so that they correspond with display in Quest Journal




-	GENERAL

	-	Wayshrine Selection list not yet implemented

	-	Map is framed w PC-style gfx. would like to use a flat frame here. does Chris have appropriate assets?

	-	Map panel y-position does not match design template



	-	use ZoFontGamepad27 for the headers above labels on map

	-	LT/RT icons are too small
		-	check w Jason K for proper sizing

	-	Areas, Locations and Objectives text displayed on top of map is still using PC-UI font.


	-	Primary confirmation label should appear on top of map rather than in hint bar (see design doc for reference)

	-	Primary confirmation label need sto be context specific, rather than stating "Interact"

---

## [2014-12-17 00:20] eso

creating layout metrics for map tooltips

---

## [2014-12-17 01:41] eso

looking at alternatie type metrics - tooltips are feeling smallish, lacking hierarchy. Header needs to be larger. Make stronger distinction betweeh quest pins and map pins

---

## [2014-12-17 14:16] eso

revised existing map tooltips
captured some additional map tooltip use cases
setting up metrics template for handoff to Chris




	-	TODO:
		-	Chris says to take a look at Cyrodil map fast travel (not from a wayshrine) tooltip gets extremely verbose

		x	Observe tooltip use cases in Cyrodiil

		x	provide layout metrics & font metrics for documented tooltip patterns

		-	read thru the use cases Chris previously posed:
			x	how should it look when you are over a keep with a scroll or a player carrying a scroll?

			-	How should these additional destination states look:

				-	Fast traveling from a wayshrine with the source wayshrine hilited

				-	In a campaign when no fast travvel is allowed

				-	on cooldown (I believe this feature is for becomig unstuck which is accesed thru CS menu)

		-	How should Forward Camps look?

		-	located in Cyrodiil, hover over wayshrine
			-	cannot recall to an alliance



)revealpoi zone 104

---

## [2014-12-17 18:28] eso

good chat w Chris about map tooltip iteration
spoke w Ken about revising paging layout for roster-type lists

TODO
-	update roster design doc on clnfluence to show new paging widget
	-	cleanup hintbar messaging
-	update map tooltips in map design doc

---

## [2014-12-18 10:24] eso

doing some cleanup on map tooltips before posting to confluence

---

## [2014-12-18 11:44] eso

posted map tooltip update to confluence
working on layout metrics

---

## [2014-12-18 15:33] eso

wasn't happy w map tooltip layout - needed to be clustered a bit tighter. made revisions. updating metrics

---

## [2014-12-18 16:13] eso

posted updates to map design doc

---

## [2014-12-18 16:53] eso

going through accumulated bugs assigned to me


-	create loading screen design template that falls within safezone boundaries

---

## [2014-12-19 09:43] eso

-	meet with Bobby, discuss B2P list filtering issues that Ken brought up
	-	can the solution we come up with be generalized

-	look over bugs assigned to me
	-	identify the ones that speak to larger concerns

-	layout sketch clean vendor inventory list

-	layout sketch character sheet
	-	discuss w Dan Batson

---

## [2014-12-19 10:22] eso

modifying placement and nomenclature of stolen iconography for tooltips in respone to an overlap bug that has come up

---

## [2014-12-19 11:00] eso

resolved issue speak to Geoff about the fix and handover bug to him

---

## [2014-12-19 13:44] eso

modifying character sheet layout in between looking at my bug list



CLEANUP VERTICAL LIST

	RELATED BUGS
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-373511


-	we need to word wrap focused items instead of truncating them
-	we cannot continue to foce long content into tight spaces while relying on truncation to make it fit


FINALIZE HINTBAR

	RELATED BUGS
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-364995


BRING INVENTORY TO ALPHA COMPLETE
-	implement Split Items feature
-	Add Quest Items category to inventory menu


FINALIZE PANEL GFX
Other than aesthetic concerns, we're running into some issues where content gets drawn outside the panels. The panel visual language needs to be taken to a final state. The scope of change is global

	RELATED BUGS
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-369691 comment-541969


TRADE UI REVIEW/FEEDBACK

	RELATED BUGS
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-364936
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-364936
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-364921
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-364907
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-364740
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-364730

GLOBAL ISSUES

-	the x/y value pattern uses too much space remove all leading spaces from these pairs


RADIAL MENU

	RELATED ISSUES
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-340253


DROPDOWN MENU
Catured simplistically in a few design docs, but no overal systemic solution has yet been provided as the right one

	RELATED ISSUES
	https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-350234

---

## [2014-12-29 12:55] eso

playing with the inventory screen - framing treatments and opacity. I think that what CHip did on the CHampion screen to de-emphasize the paneling was a good step forward.

---

## [2014-12-29 14:28] eso

Prioritize what you need to work on

-	Panel Templates
	-	Inventory
	-	Vendor
	-	Character Sheet
	-	Skills
	-	Quest Journal
	-	Alchemy
	-	Smithing
-	Inventory
-	Hintbar
-	Character Stats
-	Review Guild Store
-	Review AVA
-	Loading Screens/Interstitials
	-	assigned to Jason
	-	provide reference
		-	Dragon Age

---

## [2014-12-30 15:22] eso

looking at vendor screen

Paging Nav is non-obvious. Very easy to overlook

SELL
How are long names/long values handled?

TOOLTIP
Don't show tooltip comparison for items to sell

---

## [2014-12-30 15:24] eso

Looking at Tooltips in Loot UI. They are much thinner than the default, and look pretty good. Could they be the default?

---

## [2014-12-30 19:04] eso

Explored panel layout treatments including one that I wished I'd used in the first place, but that possibility is no longer available. I feel like I'm getting somewhere more structured, using idioms and gfx devices we already have in place. Have been using the inventory screen as a working guide (also working on tooltips and hint bar contextual data).
Suggest applying the existing treatment to skills next.

---

## [2014-12-30 19:16] eso

should be noted that some very interesting and easy success by putting a dark amorphous blur behind any focused item

---

## [2014-12-31 12:40] eso

opening up the design to apply to other screens
-	guilds
-	skills
-	character select

---

