# Raw Entries for January 2014

**Total Entries:** 87
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-01-06 09:38] eso

back in the office. figuring out my work agenda.

-	animation
-	compass
-	PS3/XBOX design review
-	menu cleanup
-	bugs
-	latency meter for front end menu

---

## [2014-01-06 10:10] eso

taking another look at failure state animation, It feels too much like the success state. editing it to be more abrupt

---

## [2014-01-06 11:22] eso

alchemy_create_fail.mov
smothing_improvement_fail

---

## [2014-01-06 12:28] eso

was tasked to post animation design work to confluence, so cleaning up the messaging for each animation

---

## [2014-01-06 16:55] eso

handing off some assets and animation reference to Dan
animation stuff is looking solid

---

## [2014-01-06 17:05] eso

working on confluence doc. feels like busy work to me, but QA says they would find it useful. OK

---

## [2014-01-07 10:13] eso

created anim for use case alchemy create unknown success
working on confluence documentation
previewed current state of crafting animations with Paul in-game

---

## [2014-01-07 11:20] eso

need to gather resources and research upcoming Keep Upgrade task
-	Speak with Brian Wheeler about the system
-	Speak with Paul about what he wants from this system

---

## [2014-01-07 11:22] eso

UI Scrum					00:15
Console Scrum				00:15
UI Style review				00:15
reviewed spellcrafting doc	01:00
JIRA backlog				02:00
confluence docs				03:00
animation support			01:00

---

## [2014-01-07 14:41] eso

still working on documenting crafting animations. Have not yet started creating a confluence page. just rebuilding assets and making sure everything is consistent and accounted for.

---

## [2014-01-07 14:58] eso

reading through spellcrafting doc. its a new crafting system for post launch

-	The rubbing game
	-	I would like the act of making and erasing marks in my spellbook to relate in some way to the focus or other parameters of the spell I'm making
	-	the physical act of making a rubbing and seeeing an image appear is inherently engaging. I want to do the rubbing myself rather than watching my character do it
	-	As an artist, I'm as interested in erasing as I am in making a mark.
	-	By including an erase capacity in the "rubbing game", I am able to make choices while physically interacting with the world. Some kind of feedback would need to be occurring to help guide my activities

---

## [2014-01-07 16:55] eso

looking through Jira for "bugs" and tasks assigned to me:

---

## [2014-01-08 08:52] eso

collating images for crafting animation doc on confluence

---

## [2014-01-08 09:28] eso

confluence layout established
x	Create Potion Unknown Fail
	x	re-render
		x	use proper messaging
		x	remove traits from workbench
	x	replace frames in confluence

x	Create Potion Unknown Success
x	Create Potion Known Success
x	Create Glyph Unknown
-	Create Glyph Known
-	Extract Glyph
-	Create Item
-	Improve Item Fail
-	Improve Item Success
-	Deconstruct/Refine Item

---

## [2014-01-08 15:04] eso

taking a break from confluence documentation to work on some bugs
For raw materials and materials:
	-	remove the level field
	-	chenage the text so it includes description of iten level it can be used to craft

---

## [2014-01-08 18:25] eso

While looking through alchemy, I realized I didn't properly capture the use case for
Create Potion Unknown Success
-	it needs a modal dialog that shows Traits Discovered
-	similar flow as Enchant Translate with modal dialog etc.

---

## [2014-01-08 18:27] eso

Staying late to finish confluence documentation

---

## [2014-01-08 22:47] eso

finishing up confluence docuemntation. part of the reason its taken this long is my unfamiliarity with confluence itself and my willingness to experiment with layoput techniques. However, why did this document even need to be made? The requirement seemed to come out of nowhere from what I can tell. All of a sudden it was a task. I did state that I felt it was uneccessary, but I did not state this clearly enough. When I saw how long it was taking, I should have been vocal about this and verified that it really was worth the time commitment. I won't let this shit happen again. Utter waste of time.

---

## [2014-01-09 11:10] eso

working on tooltip upgrades for bank & inventory tallies. Finally designing again.

---

## [2014-01-10 10:59] eso

working on some tooltip revisions. will also need to do a final audit on what's in the game (formatting) to make sure they're as clean as they can be. Noe of the changes are labor intensive.

---

## [2014-01-10 13:44] eso

finished design revision for tooltips. covers the following cases:
x	show bank count as well as inventory count
x	show prompt to "use from quickslot" for quicksloty-only items (such as siege weapons)
x	move "unique" item tag to tooltip header

Discussed w Chris & Andy. They're on board.

TODO:
-	itemize changes and use cases in item tooltip styleguide confluence page


A player that has a Unique item in inventory, bank, or vendor buyback cannot loot or receive in any way another instance of that item. An items uniqueness should be clearly conveyed by its tooltip

---

## [2014-01-10 17:47] eso

closing out some tooltip issued in JIRA

---

## [2014-01-10 17:59] eso

added outstanding design issues to my action list
-	COMPASS
-	MENU LIST FRAMEWORK

---

## [2014-01-13 09:59] eso

working on quickslot only design issue.
thinking about a UI issue regarding "Ultimate Abilities" that came in from Nick addressed to Chris & I.

---

## [2014-01-13 10:18] eso

-	read through Keep documentation
-	speak with Brian Wheeler about Keep Upgrade UI
	-	what is the purpose
	-	what does he expect

---

## [2014-01-13 13:16] eso

added use case for unique items to item tooltip styleguide
working on a couple more tooltip related issues
-	Items flagged as NoSellValue show a value on their tooltip
	-	validating to see if its, uh... valid
-	Show enchants quality level once they have been applied to the weapon
	-	the idea is to use a series of colored shapes (possibly miniature versions of the applied glyph) to show that the item's enchantment has beeen modified/upgraded

---

## [2014-01-13 16:34] eso

need to rethink tooltip headers to account for the following stats:
-	item count
-	bank count
-	item type
-	use from quickslot CTA
-	is this a unique item
-	bind on equip/bound status

---

## [2014-01-13 18:54] eso

spent the day doing tooltip surgery and worked out a general purpose solution. Need to update the style guide with modified use cases:
x	Usable from Quickslot
x	Item Counts
x	Crafting level
x	Unique Items
x	Enchantment Quality

---

## [2014-01-14 10:44] eso

updated item tooltip style guide with new use cases
need to update JIRA with references to these new assets

---

## [2014-01-14 11:16] eso

reading through Keep documentation

---

## [2014-01-14 11:40] eso

tooltip revision discussion w Chip & Dan
handing off bank & bag icons to Chip - he'll be implementing the inventory count info

---

## [2014-01-14 14:08] eso

Reading through Keep documentation. Don't think about soulutions - not even sure what the problem is other than some outdated UI I'm seeing in game. Finish read through and absorb as much as you can then chat with Brian

---

## [2014-01-15 11:09] eso

spoke w Chris about Keep Upgrade design task and he also forwarded me reference as well as some thoughts he'd had on the design

What are the datatypes being shown?
	-	How can that information be presented graphically or iconified
		-	What is being shown on tooltips
		-	What is being shown in the panel
		-	Where do the datatypes overlap for the panel/tooltips

Real Estate
	-	Present Keep Resource information in a panel, as an inspector
	-	Can information in the panel be "nested" or revealed on hover?
	-	How does the panel appear on a small screen vs. large screen

---

## [2014-01-16 11:04] eso

started Keep Upgrade layout
font and panel metrics setup

---

## [2014-01-16 12:55] eso

Chip brought up some use cases where mv8 item tooltips were failing
doing some surgery to that design before handing it back to him

---

## [2014-01-16 12:56] eso

Finding it really hard to get the unbroken block of time I need to focus on design

---

## [2014-01-17 09:57] eso

unable to login to Development client
Terri Wilder helped me out, I'm back in the game and learned abit about patcher manifest files

---

## [2014-01-17 14:04] eso

Keep Upgrade
goals: create high fidelity wireframes in fireworks

x	gather & process assets
x	layout framework for summary window
	x	header
	x	resource meter group
-	layout framework for detail windows
	-	create panel layout
	-	enable view production
	-	enable view defense
-	Tooltips
	-	resource ability tooltips
	-	general UI tooltips
	-	map tooltips
		-	can schematic diagram (showing resource broken/unbroken lines to keep) be shown in thhe Keep tooltip on the map?
-	navigation
	-	enable jump to detail from summary
	-	enable jump to summary from detail

---

## [2014-01-17 15:50] eso

working out layout metrics for summary page

---

## [2014-01-19 19:23] eso

either do or dont color code resource icons
It is best to use the banner image consistently to express ownership
It is best to use the resource image to express type
Plenty of room available, no need to compress the information

---

## [2014-01-20 01:42] eso

found local maximum for this particular design. need to review w Brian, Chris & Marc

---

## [2014-01-20 10:59] eso

reviewed design w Brian & Chris. Bothe are solid with the direction and mentioned some datatypes that can be removed
Chris would like to conserve horizontal space and we worked out a solution to do so by presenting upgrades in a grid rather than a flat list

---

## [2014-01-20 11:21] eso

Keep Upgrade Revision
x	Modify Header so that Icon title appears benear icon tabs
	x	can header be further compressed?
		x doing so leads to loss of control of horizontal & vertical space
x	Divide all progress bars into 5 segments
x	Remove Rate datatype
x	Encapsulate Next Upgrade time into or near progress bars
x	Treat each upgrade type as an icon grid
	x	Represent unavailable upgrades?
	x	Create tooltip for upgrade type
-	Refine segmented progress bars

---

## [2014-01-20 11:53] eso

Good advice provided during console UI scrum about the UI audit:
"Go deep instead of broad"
-	focus on a single screen to start with and point out:
	-	design concerns
	-	red flags
	-	what's working
	-	what's not working
	-	opportunities

(My own advice)
-	then do the same for another screen
-	give yourself the space to have an opinion
	-	don't react to what the rest of the team, the studio, etc. are doing
		-	doing so puts you in a reactive position and your ideas and opinions will only matter in opposition to someone elses

---

## [2014-01-20 15:22] eso

segmented progress meter for Keep upgrade smells wrong
I think the horizontal compression of the space will work fine if we use a standard meter

---

## [2014-01-20 17:03] eso

finished Keep upgrade design revision. review w Chris & Brian

---

## [2014-01-20 17:57] eso

making modification to progress bar & upgrade icons
Will need to finish that up tonight. Its no more than an hour of work

---

## [2014-01-21 11:57] eso

an hour of work. lol
I'm thrashing about this wireframe. Need to restate the problem

-	Correlate resource level with resource bonuses more closely
	-	does the resource level need to be given a numerical value?
		-	yes
	-	does the resource level counter need to be grouped with the resource level meter?
		-	its not a level meter. Its a chart

---

## [2014-01-21 13:34] eso

I've done as much as I can with this revision. Will send it over to Brian & Chris to validate

---

## [2014-01-21 15:19] eso

Revised the design. It very clearly relates resource progression to resource benefits. Marc will need to do the graphic design. I'm not going to solve that in the wireframe, but very plausible, very tight

---

## [2014-01-21 17:37] eso

This design is as finished as I can make it

---

## [2014-01-22 11:05] eso

x	final tweaks to keep upgrade
	x	review w Chris
	x	hand off to Marc for visual design

x	close Game Menu: List Navigation story
	x	itemize list of goals for new polish story for Game Menu


x	close Game Menu Options story
	x	itemize list of goals for new polish story for Game Menu

-	close Game Menu: Other story
	-	Addons UI needs visual design refinement

x	close Game Menu: Credits Implementation story
	x	review credits mockups with Chris
	-	create fake credit data to see a longer scroll in-game and validate design

---

## [2014-01-22 14:51] eso

collating a list of refinements for Game Menu & Options panels

Login Screen Polish Story
•	Rethink the iconography for trusted and untrusted machine toggle
o	The “house” icon looks generic and should be replaced with something more thematic (like a tower?)

Character Select Polish Story
•	Character Name/Race/Character Class/Current Location needs visual design refinement
•	Character Count label & counter needs visual design refinement

---

## [2014-01-23 10:57] eso

discussed and soved(?) keep upgrade visual design with Marc

---

## [2014-01-23 10:57] eso

ESO console UI review
Just playing through it and making notes as I go
need to find out how to capture screenshots from PS4
Brent came by and showed me how :)

---

## [2014-01-23 11:08] eso

login screen requires me to press a face button to access text fields. by comparison, the PS4 UI allows me to dpad navigate to the text field then press X to enter data

---

## [2014-01-23 12:40] eso

so far unable to launch the game
removing the USB stick to see if that makes a difference
doesn't
asking QA
New build
working

---

## [2014-01-27 09:39] eso

today:
-	further console UI research
	-	review and organize existing notes
	-	continue to name and categorize game UI elements and group them into systems
	-	capture ideas for specific flows in Visio
	-	create font matrix for legibility testing
		-	determine minimum font size
-	work with Nathan to validate credits implementation with fake data locally
-	Who is working on Keep Upgrade implementation?

---

## [2014-01-27 11:01] eso

working on font legibility chart
figuring out grid for 1080p

---

## [2014-01-27 11:21] eso

getting visio installed is distracting me and stressing me out
I've got Visio 2010 installed and working
not sure if I can attach current version of Visio to my Office 365 subscrioption or not. figure that out later

---

## [2014-01-27 11:25] eso

back to font metrics testing
What are the font sizes being used in existing build?

---

## [2014-01-27 13:05] eso

Design artifacts

LAYOUT CONSTRAINTS
-	font metrics chart

DESIGN PATTERNS
-	wireframes to capture screen organization and controller-based navigation of critical path
	-	Login
	-	Character Select
	-	Character Create
	-	Inventory
	-	Character Stats
	-	Skills
	-	Player Menu
	-	Item Tooltips
	-	Map
	-	Modal Dialogs

SCOPE ANALYSIS
-	Create an itemized list of UI systems and components

PRESENTATION
-	Create UI Audit document
	-	design goals & requirements
	-	visual comparisons
	-	critical path wireframes
	-	UI systems list

---

## [2014-01-28 10:31] eso

finding screenshots
Diablo PS3
Mass Effect

---

## [2014-01-28 11:10] eso

Is there a game library at Zenimax? I need to do some research but dont want to spend more money than I need to

---

## [2014-01-28 12:56] eso

meeting w IG this afternoon.

Agenda:
-	IG will discuss the work they're currently doing

-	I will ask about their design->implementation->validation pipeline
	-	who creates designs, what is that process?
	-	who implements designs, what is that process?
	-	how are designs & flows validated, what is that process?

-	I will ask about a font previewing tool or debug command
	-	can enter arbitrary text string with newlines
	-	can specify x,y position of text block
	-	can specify width of text block
	-	can specify font instance and size of text string


-	I will discuss the goals of the UI audit that I've undertaken
	-	Set layout constraints
	-	Establish initial interaction design patterns using selected screens as examples
		-	Character Select
		-	Character Create
		-	Inventory
		-	Stats
		-	Skills
		-	Player Menu
		-	Global
			-	Modal dialogs
			-	Hint bar
			-	Item Tooltips
			-	Ability Tooltips
	-	Scope Analysis
		-	Itemized list of UI systems and components
	-	Presentation

-	I will discuss the high level issues uncovered in my UI research
	-	typography
		-	What is the minimum desirable font size
		-	Can Univers 59 UltraCondensed be used
		-	What is the default font size (body text)
		-	How is font hierarchy being defined?
	-	visual design
		-	I want to use the PC product as a baseline for visual design of the console title
		-	I want to rethink layout for item tooltips
		-	I want to rethink layout for ability tooltips
	-	interaction design
		-	I want to avoid using controller icons in layouts
		-	I want to use the hint bar to consolidate iconic representations of available actions
		-	I want the player menu to be horizontal not radial
			-	I want the player menu to follow the same "last used available when invoked" pattern used on the PC project
		-	I want the game menu to be a vertical structure placed at the side of the screen
		-	I want to discuss how to invoke the player menu and game menu using PS4 game controller

---

## [2014-01-28 13:47] eso

So I've captured a good sample of min/max font sizes
Next steps? What's useful about these collections?
FOR EACH TITLE IN COLLECTION
-	identify which size is being used as body font for each title
	-	body font defined as text used in a modal dialog
-	identify which size is being used as hint icon text
-	identify which size is being used as screen title
-	Identify which size is used for menu text
-	identify size(s) used for messaging
-	when is all-caps used?

easiest to collate this information in Excel plz


ABCDEFGabcdefg01234567890()/+-

---

## [2014-01-28 17:58] eso

I collated the information in Excel and then counted the frequency at which each identified size appeared in the list. ESO was shown to contain 8 different font sizes. The data I collected shows the top 8 most common font sizes across the titles I surveyed. Do those sizes directly correspond with a useful font hierarchy?

---

## [2014-01-29 10:09] eso

reading through Lee's social design docs in preparation for review later today

---

## [2014-01-29 10:44] eso

I need to close out 2 specific PC related tasks.
 Do this before work console work session this afternoon
 -	verify credits layout w fake data on a local build
	-	ask Nathan for assistance with this

 -	retrieve revised compass icons
	x	Create updated compass glow gfx
		x	area2frameAnum_centers.dds
		x	area2frameAnim_standard_center.dds
		x	area2frameAnim_standard_endcap.dds
		x	areapin2frame_ends.dds

	-	Created updated compass icons
		-	a number of the icons in-game that should be white are actually grey
			-	modify those icon colors
				-	quest_icon_door_assisted.dds
				-	quest_icon_assisted.dds
		-	researching iconography for quests behind doors
			- focused quest
				-	quest_icon_door_assisted.dds
			- unfocused quest
				-	quest_icon_door.dds

	-	handoff assets to Dan

---

## [2014-01-29 15:37] eso

I'm researching compass iconography as Paul had recommended. retracing my steps

---

## [2014-01-29 15:55] eso

creating matrix for the various states. will review with Chris in a moment

---

## [2014-01-29 17:14] eso

Chris is solid w my revisions. Need to get with Marc about getting the assets checked in

---

## [2014-01-29 19:56] eso

I've got the compass icons edited, stored and working on my local dev client. solid work if I say so myself
-	need to edit/replace equivalent in world icons
-	need to edit/replace map icons

noting that there are luminance differences  - maybe FFFFFF isnt the right value? Should the apparent brightness be handled in code though or should I bake the appropriate luminance value in? The stuff looks fine on the map. Ask Marc, Dan

---

## [2014-01-30 09:53] eso

searching thru ESoUI/Art for instances of quest pins that need to be edited

ASSETS
Art/Compass
x	area2frameAnim_centers.dds
x	area2frameAnim_standard_center.dds
x	area2frameAnim_standard_endcap.dds
x	areapin2frame_ends.dds
x	quest_assistedAreaPin.dds
x	quest_areaPin.dds
x	quest_icon_door.dds
x	quest_icon_door_assisted.dds
x	quest_icon_assisted.dds

Art/MapPins
x	questPinAssisted.dds

Art\FloatingMarkers
x	quest_icon_assisted.dds
x	quest_icon_door.dds
x	quest_icon_door_assisted.dds

---

## [2014-01-30 11:24] eso

handed off icon package to Marc for checkin. Reviewed work in game a bit further. I've missed an in-world icon. Not sure where to find it...

---

## [2014-01-30 13:30] eso

just needed to exit game then re-enter everything loiks fine now

---

## [2014-01-30 13:33] eso

is there any reference or are there any diagrams to be found online for PS4 and XBone game controllers?

EXUSTING PS4 TITLES 1/30/2014
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag
Angry Birds Star Wars
Battlefield 4
Call of Duty: Ghosts
Contrast
FIFA 14
Flower
Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition
Just Dance 2014
Killzone Shadow Fall
Knack
Lego Marvel Super Heroes
Madden NFL 25
NBA 2K14
Need for Speed: Rivals
Resogun
Skylanders: Swap Force
Sound Shapes
Super Motherload
Trine 2: Complete Story
NBA Live 14
Escape Plan
Tiny Brains
Doki-Doki Universe
flOw

---

## [2014-01-30 14:48] eso

somehow I'm making adjustments to in-game tooltips instead of working on wireframe. Wont take long. Need to make these adjustments

---

## [2014-01-30 15:47] eso

spoke with Chip about the tooltip edits I want to make, its no big deal

---

## [2014-01-30 15:47] eso

design thinking. the tool? Axure? Visio? Fireworks?
Fireworks
Paper

---

## [2014-01-30 15:56] eso

mapping Player menu structure
sketching menu concepts

---

## [2014-01-30 16:57] eso

quick mockup of alternate layout for tutorial hints on loading screens in response to Chris' email about same. Sharing w Chris & Marc

---

## [2014-01-31 11:24] eso

sketching player menu navigation
studying Diablo 3. Interesting quick equip function used in that game which allows items to be equipped from in-game without going to inventory

---

## [2014-01-31 11:25] eso

Need to create a controller diagram with labels for existing controls that is easily edited for subsequent revisions

---

## [2014-01-31 14:40] eso

spent about an hour talking over Keep Status/Upgrade with Chip & Brian and handed off new wireframe sketeches on paper to Chip

---

## [2014-01-31 14:41] eso

working out player menu scheme on paper. its exciting

---

## [2014-01-31 16:44] eso

sketching
mapping

---

