# Raw Entries for November 2014

**Total Entries:** 114
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-11-01 13:41] eso

continuing work on roster list
definiotion of the dropdown pattern needs to be clearly specified as design doc

---

## [2014-11-01 13:48] eso

GOALS
-	finish and post roster design
	-	revised guild screen layout
		-	request Zindagi to fill in the details that I've not captureed
-	examine dropdown interaction as prototype in AX
	-	post usage guidelines to confluence

---

## [2014-11-02 12:53] eso

continuing to work on roster layout

---

## [2014-11-02 13:22] eso

added roster template to gridsystem

---

## [2014-11-02 19:27] eso

finished modifying guild layout and refining roster design
x	design nav for change status
x	design nav for filter list
-	design interaction for list filter data entry

---

## [2014-11-03 00:48] eso

Realizing that the Notes tooltip can be used to convey text information currently in the roster list such as cgaracter name, classname (list can use class icon)

---

## [2014-11-03 00:55] eso

-	remove character name from list
-	replace classname with class icon
-	add "notes" icon to list as sortable column
-	add textfield from mail design to filter by: readout

---

## [2014-11-03 12:03] eso

redesigning list to use standard metrics for layout - need to communicate this in the design docs

---

## [2014-11-03 13:07] eso

its as clean as I can make it. looking good

---

## [2014-11-03 14:30] eso

finished keyboard data entry flow

---

## [2014-11-03 14:30] eso

x	create options menu (member actions)
x	create list metrics page
x<	review existing contacts design
-	refactor contacts design<<<<

---

## [2014-11-03 17:02] eso

working on text entry interaction for edit note

---

## [2014-11-04 01:47] eso

posted guild roster design to confluence
posted guild hub design to confluence

---

## [2014-11-04 02:04] eso

-	who is working on alchemy screen?
-	who is working on quest journal screen
-	meet with them, look over their shoulder. discuss modified layout metrics, etc.
-	ask Yuting when does this sprint end?

---

## [2014-11-04 12:14] eso

spent the am in design discussions

-	look into modifying NAV1 header spacing to conform to safe title width
-	discuss roster screen w Michael
-	discuss guild screen layout oatterns w Jeremy

---

## [2014-11-04 16:15] eso

working on quest journal update and post to confluence

(11/4/2014 4:30 PM) Ben Lynch:
/script ZO_ConsoleFpsWindow_Toggle()

---

## [2014-11-04 17:03] eso

getting familiar w Quest Journal in-game

---

## [2014-11-04 19:49] eso

continuing revision to quest journal

Level 3

I arrived in the city of Vulkhel Guard, gateway to Auridon. Security is tight as Queen Ayrenn, the new leader of the Almeri Dominion, prepares to make a public appearance.

I should speak to Watch Captain Atanya at the docks

TASKS

T-	Talk to Watch Captain Atanya

---

## [2014-11-04 21:03] eso

revised journal design is excellent

---

## [2014-11-05 10:10] eso

ask Yutingto setup phone conference to speak about layout guidelines and templates
Marc
Jason K
Jason W
Nick (optional)

Zindagi
Michael
Paul
Anand (?)

---

## [2014-11-05 10:53] eso

Discussion Topics for todays meeting

---

## [2014-11-05 15:59] eso

I'm revising the grid system for presentation at 5p
I've brought the header treatments entirely inside title safe for compliance reasons and it looks pretty good on the inventory screen and elsewhere

---

## [2014-11-05 18:18] eso

think about what else can be posted to the layout guidelines page. Solicit feedback

---

## [2014-11-06 10:29] eso

-	transfer layout guidelines to Photoshop and deliver to
	-	Marc
	-	Michael
	-	Jeremy

-	get PSD source for achievements and conform to guidelines

---

## [2014-11-06 11:25] eso

reviewing Armor Dyeing 1st implementation

VISUAL
-	Character needs to be positioned to right of window
-	GRB: Color swatches need to communicate empty state more clearly.
	-	When my color presets are empty, is not obvious that there are 3 inndividual swatches in each preset
	-	when my armor color swatches are empty, is not obvious that there are 3 individual swatches to be filled there
-	Radial Menu needs visual cue when in rest state (the focus is at the center of the wheel) that movement is possible along the edges of the wheel when you push the stick

FOCUS
	GRB: When using the radial menu, the focused state of armor and swatches can be communicated more effectively by combining these 2 methods:
		-	the focused item is larger than the non focused items
		-	the specific color swatch that will be activated upon confirm is drawn with a "dim" or otherwise de-emphasized border around it

SEGMENTING FUNCTIONALITY


	I would like to make a strong distinction between interactions on the NAV1 panel (color picker) and interactions on the NAV2 panel (the radial menu). Its interesting that I can randomize and sort the color list at any time, but doing so mixes up UI State (i.e. what am I operating on at the moment) in a way I'm not comfortable with
	-	GRB: The options menu should be unavailable whenever the radial menu is active
	-	GRB: The Randomize functionality should be unavailable whenever the radial menu is active



EXITING/CANCELING
-	Issues backing out of the screen

---

## [2014-11-06 13:45] eso

-	review Leaderboards implementation
x	discuss Guild screen design w Andrew at Zindagi
x	design review Jeremy

---

## [2014-11-06 17:16] eso

should probably set up a discussion re armor dyeing tomorrow. Jeez, I dont really wantto, but perhaps a good idea. Will see how I feel

---

## [2014-11-06 17:58] eso

work session 2:

-	get PSD source for achievements and conform to guidelines
-	conform character sheet to layout guidelines

---

## [2014-11-07 00:12] eso

I have the layout template setup for the achievements screen, but have some functional questions and feel like the design on confluence may be missing a state? Is there no global summary view where I can see progression of all my achievements in a single place?

---

## [2014-11-07 11:00] eso

-	Achievements
	-	need input from zindagi to continue

-	Player Menu
-	Contacts
-	Guild Commerce
-	Character Select
-	Character Stats
-	Hintbar
-	Mounts Screen
-	Lore Library

---

## [2014-11-07 11:11] eso

splitting guild commerce design docs into guild store and guild bank pages

---

## [2014-11-07 11:19] eso

branching out seperate page for Guild trader Hire & Bid

---

## [2014-11-07 11:51] eso

cleaning up some older docs this afternoon
-	Player Menu

PLAYER
Inventory
Skills
Character
Champion
Journal
Leaderboards

MULTIPLAYER
Group
Contacts
Guilds

COMMUNICATIONS
Voice Chat
Mail

MISCELLANEOUS
Options
Help
Lore Library
Achievements
Log Out

---

## [2014-11-07 17:02] eso

updated player menu

---

## [2014-11-07 17:09] eso

mounts screen needs some work. Marc had done some redesign on this - need to check it out before proceedig wcleanup

---

## [2014-11-07 17:20] eso

located Marcs work on Lore Library and Mounts screens



-	Achievements
	-	need input from zindagi to continue

-	P1	Contacts
-	P2	Guild Commerce
-	P3	Character Select
-	P2	Character Stats
-	P2	Hintbar
-	P3	Mounts Screen
-	P4	Lore Library
x	P1	Options Menu
x	P1	Modal Dialog layout guide
	x	add use case to layout guide
	x	update existing doc

---

## [2014-11-08 21:14] eso

-	Achievements
	-	need input from zindagi to continue
-	P1	Contacts
-	P2	Guild Commerce
-	P3	Character Select
-	P2	Character Stats
-	P2	Hintbar
-	P3	Mounts Screen
-	P4	Lore Library
-	P2	Leaderboards

---

## [2014-11-08 21:14] eso

x	P1	Contacts
x	P1	Achievements
	x	need input from zindagi to continue

-	P2	Character Stats
-	P2	Character Select
-	P2	Leaderboards
-	P2	Guild Commerce
-	P3	Hintbar
-	P3	Mounts Screen
-	P4	Lore Library

---

## [2014-11-09 12:23] eso

working on contacts screen
need to conform Guild design to updated margins in layouyt metrics
-	just the nav1 header it seems?

Friend List
Add Friend
Remove Friend
Ignore Friend
Friend Options (to be invoked by CONFIRM) maybe call it "Activities"

---

## [2014-11-09 13:50] eso

Guild page is getting very long. breaking it into sub-pages

---

## [2014-11-09 14:48] eso

Guild Ranks flow needs to be fleshed out and updated with use cases for
-	Rename
-	Delete
-	change logo
-	change permissions
-	reorder
	-	 need new solution for this interaction

---

## [2014-11-09 15:12] eso

friends list options
x	invite to group
	x	show system message confirming invite
x	travel to player
x	send mail
x	whisper
x	gamertag
x	remove
	x	show removal confirmation
x	ignore/stop ignoring
	x	show system message confirming action

x	ignore list view
x	ignore list options
x	add ignore dialog

---

## [2014-11-09 16:43] eso

continuing work on Contacts screen in conjunction w Guild Rosters. Simplified uild roster hintbar actions removed "Clear Filter"

---

## [2014-11-09 21:02] eso

nearly done with contacts design
x	detail list metrics
x	detail list sort focus states

---

## [2014-11-10 10:30] eso

confluence is down
x	discuss ongoing skills implementation w Jason
	x	where is he gated?
	x	what does he need?
	x	whats working?

---

## [2014-11-10 14:21] eso

x	finish contacts markup and post to confluence
-	discuss current state of Achievements w Michael
	-	 I'm not seeing a summary view in confluence mockups
	-	I'm unclear how specific achievements are being listed

---

## [2014-11-10 16:36] eso

Discuss my desire to flatten out UI elements on screen w Marc. The implied specularity is reading poorly
x	Need a new asset to be used as a dropdown container.

---

## [2014-11-10 17:41] eso

looking thru Achievements screen design. some outstanding issues
-	when I dive into an achievements category
	-	how do I know which category I'm in
	-	how do I know my progression in this category

-	I'm assuming that I must press confirm to be able to dive into the multi-achievement state
	-	how do I know to do that?

---

## [2014-11-11 14:53] eso

completing somee work on a beta splash screen as requested this am them moving back into the Achievements design

---

## [2014-11-11 17:10] eso

spinning my wheels on achievements. Here's what needs to happen as I see it
-	list filtering needs to be removed from the options menu and turned into a toggle (R3)
-	need to create summary page. Design is lacking without it
-	need to account for readout and interaction with the following achievement types
	-	simple achievement
		-	this is a non-interactive readout
	-	achievement w staged progression
		-	need to be able to get insights into the various stages
	-	achievement w steps
		-	this is a non-interactive achievement

Interactions
The achievement readout will need to be scrollable

Biggest problem
how do I know which achievments I can interact with? Not keen on switching the interactions into nav2 panel, but no obvious alternatives

---

## [2014-11-11 18:01] eso

moving forward with treating this like the Skills screen w tooltip preview of upcoming content (scrollable w right stick?)

---

## [2014-11-11 18:07] eso

during worksession 2 take a look at existing using double-wide layout pattern instead of 2-up

---

## [2014-11-11 21:46] eso

looking at current implementation of achievements screen now and its not bad. I need to refocus my efforts around improving what I'm seeing in-game

-	need to see numeric value for achievement categories
-	need to see summary page
-	general layout and typography fixes
-	we need a visual cue for when scrolling content within a panel w the right stick is available
	-	this should apply globally to all such content and should be drawn connected to the panel rather than exposed in the hint bar
-	inactive icon states are too dim and/or transparent. We should draw these icons so they read visibly, and transform them to monochrome instad of dimming

---

## [2014-11-11 23:58] eso

finished achievements design. leaving out any interactions w tooltips to make it sane. updating confluence

---

## [2014-11-12 00:23] eso

finished w achievements for zindagi feedback

---

## [2014-11-12 00:24] eso

x	P1	Contacts
x	P1	Achievements
-	P1	Maps
-	P2	Character Stats
-	P2	Character Select
-	P2	Leaderboards
-	P2	Guild Commerce
-	P3	Hintbar
-	P3	Mounts Screen
-	P4	Lore Library

---

## [2014-11-12 11:41] eso

ACHIEMENTS feedback

Achievement Icons
-	Icons should be framed to unify their appearance, as is done on the PC
	-	use same framing gfx as used for skills
	-	do not use existing PC-UI art assets for this

-	Un-earned achievement icons are too dim to read

-	When viewing an achievement list I'd like to see the number of achievement points that are rewarded by each achievement (see design doc for visual reference)

-	Include a Summary Page as specified in cleaned up design doc

-	Icons used in the Achievement category list should not be glowing when focused
	-	Am assuming this is because we're using the existing PC icons which have that glow baked in. If this is the case we need a clean variant of these for console usage that omit the glow fx

-	Is not always obvious when the right stick can be used to scroll through lengthy achievement descriptions
	-	include the scroll arrow gfx found in the conversation window (see design doc for visual reference)

-	Long achievement descriptions shoud fade out at the same rate as a parametric list


-	Filtering the list from the options menu feels awkward. This is an issue found on a few other screens, so lets leave this functionality alone until it is determined whether a better solution to list filtering (I have one in mind) is an investment we're prepared to make

-	Layout and typography of achievemeent descriptions should conform to the layout guidelines I've posted to Achievements design doc on confluence


-	Upon diving into a particular Achievement Category (such as Character Achievements) change the title of the panel to reflect the current state. This is a common pattern used elsewhere in the game (see design doc for visual reference)

---

## [2014-11-12 13:17] eso

doing some cleanup and specification on achieveements design
-	include scroll widget to show when this functionality is available
-	add options menu state

---

## [2014-11-12 13:29] eso

oh good BVT is back up

---

## [2014-11-12 14:27] eso

working on scroll indicator for long tooltip/description

---

## [2014-11-12 15:45] eso

finished iterating through solutions for scroll indicator

---

## [2014-11-12 18:23] eso

finsihed writing up my feedback for the achievements screen. Post updated gfx to confluence. Check if Nick is available to go over it with him

---

## [2014-11-13 09:43] eso

looking at updated confluence docs for map.
-	The map tooltips need standardization pass
	-	update confluence and ping Michael
-	Keep upgrade work needs to be split into its own doc
	-	is anything missing?
	-	cleanup layout
	-	update confluence and ping Michael

ACHIEVEMENTS
-	examine what Michael mentioned about using RS to shuffle through the staged progression achievements
	-	not obvious to me that this is a use case that needs to be supported
-	review feedback w Nick and send out to Zindagi

x	P1	Contacts
x	P1	Achievements
-	P1	Character Stats
-	P1	Maps
-	P1	Keep Upgrade
-	P2	Apply layout metrics to inventory design and post to confluence
-	P2	AVA Screens
-	P2	Character Select
-	P2	Leaderboards
-	P2	Guild Commerce
-	P3	Hintbar
-	P3	Mounts Screen
-	P4	Lore Library

---

## [2014-11-13 10:51] eso

updating achievemnets design to accomodate solution to inspecting staged achiovements

---

## [2014-11-13 14:42] eso

looking at use cases for achievement descriptions in-game to compare w my design

---

## [2014-11-13 17:57] eso

have done as much work w Achievements as I am able. Need to get my feedback validated (by Nick?) before sending it out

---

## [2014-11-14 10:18] eso

taking another quick look at achievements. SHould the conditions/rewards for a staged achievement be presented. I've assumed no, but is that a good player experience?

---

## [2014-11-14 10:30] eso

created a new character which I'll use this weekend for general play testing. In particular, I want to see when & how the XP bar is introduced into the HUD

---

## [2014-11-14 13:33] eso

fuck it I'm still working on achievements

---

## [2014-11-14 16:16] eso

still achievements. wrestling with this layout. It was much cleaner before I spoke w CHris, but he brought up good points about the UX that I agreed with

---

## [2014-11-14 17:15] eso

testing achievements layout against various use cases in game

---

## [2014-11-14 17:20] eso

UX Checklist
-	How can I gain the blue dye reward?
-	How many points do I get for this achievement?
-	Which stage of this achievement am I currently working on

---

## [2014-11-16 15:35] eso

finished the achievement design. The vertical scrolling idea I wanted never quite materialized. It was too dense, too crowded. I shifted the staged achievemty nav from the RS to the LS by moving that widget into the achievement list (removing it from the description). Also removed tyhe achioevement icon in the description (was uuredundant and ad cluttered), and finished up by refining the focus state and meter widths, etc. Solid work - better than it was, and is now ssolid enough to pass back to Zindagi

---

## [2014-11-16 19:39] eso

posted updated achievement design to confluence

-	P1	Character Stats
-	P1	Maps
-	P1	Keep Upgrade
-	P2	Apply layout metrics to inventory design and post to confluence
-	P2	AVA Screens
-	P2	Character Select
-	P2	Leaderboards
-	P2	Guild Commerce
-	P3	Hintbar
-	P3	Mounts Screen
-	P4	Lore Library

---

## [2014-11-17 10:55] eso

looking at character stats design in game for comparison to design doc prior to cleanup

---

## [2014-11-17 11:12] eso

-	look over skills layout metrics and compare with design doc
-	locate source art for panel texture and rail treatments

---

## [2014-11-17 11:26] eso

I've got free time before sprint planning. Goingto spend it reviewing all aspects of the game for visual language criteria

---

## [2014-11-17 11:29] eso

what does it mean to have a "consistent" layout? How would I describe this to QA so they could test for for it, and identify failure?

---

## [2014-11-17 12:25] eso

data gathering and clustering layout guidelines for upcoming layout guidelines spreadsheet

PANEL HEADER
-	should match visual standards detailed in layout guide
	-	none of this content should ever fall outside of safe frame
	-	should respect panel margins.
		-	Header content should be drawn 40px from the left edge of a panel, and should end no fewer than 40px from the right edge of a panel

PANELS
-	Panel margins are 40px of whitespace on left and right side of the panel
	-	Panel content should generally fit into this area, with the significant exception of the vertical list, which is known to overlap the left margin when utility icons (checkmarks, new indicator, etc.) are attached to list items

-	Panel content should fade out at the same rate
	-	wherever content fades out on the interactive panel should apply to any other panels, unless noted as a special case

TOOLTIPS
-	Tooltips should be placed consistently as specified in layout guide

TYPOGRAPHY
-	text color
-	font size
-	font placement

HINTBAR
-	consistent messaging should be used for actions
	-	the messaging for selecting/confirming items in a list should generally not vary when players scroll through the list, unless screen functionality demands this - (i.e. equip/unequip)
-	minimal number of available actions presented
	-	The Back button should never be shown unless a modal dialog is being shown
	-	The



GFX ASSETS
-	Progress Meters
	-	Meters on this screen use flat console gfx style (rather than swapping in PC graphics)
	-	Meters on the screen should match the meter layout specified in the layout guide
	-	Meter framing used a 2px flat edge without antialiased artifacts

-	Asset Framing
		No framing elemengt should be smaller than 2px. Hairlines should be avoided

	Currency icons
		should use flat console-gfx style
		should be monochromatic. no color coding




VERTICAL LIST
-	focused item matches positioning established in player menu and detailed in layout guide
-	vertical list items have iconography drawn to the immediate left of text label
-

---

## [2014-11-17 21:25] eso

looking at map design. It needs more than just tooltip cleanup, there are some fundamental interaction design problems

---

## [2014-11-17 21:55] eso

Map notes
-	quest list is behaving interestingly. Wrongly uses 30/37 px text for list instead of all 30px, as I'd expected. Long focused text labels are wordwrapping. The same unfocused label does not wordwrap. Its not crappy looking, its actually pretty cool, although making this approach win would involve further refinem,ent to the list behavior - remove leading spaces so that newlines don'ty begin with an empty space character.

---

## [2014-11-17 21:57] eso

Its clear to me that this design is misconceived in a number of ways. Just documenting what's working and what isnt before arriving at solutions.

---

## [2014-11-17 23:51] eso

the PC map design is fundamentally weird. It isnt optimal, and we'll not have the opportunity to make it better I suspect. Best I can do is point out the misbehavior where it exists and itemize solutions to existing use cases.
In particular, the hint bar needs serious cleanup, etc...

---

## [2014-11-18 09:40] eso

spoke w Nick this am. He asked me to take care of some outstanding reviews

TODO
x	check w Colin on what's available for review when he gets in
	-	implementation reviews for:
		-	Map
		-	Cadwells Journal
		-	Armor Dye

-	Write up feedback for Quest Journal
-	speak w Jared about my intention to revise the visual design of our panel layouts
	-	document the problems I'm having with them
	-	suggest solutions
	-	get his support to make these changes so I can bring them up as
x	follow up w Chris on the Champion Dialogs we discussed yesterday
x	discuss champion meter w Jason & Chris


Map
Cadwells Journal
Armor Dye

---

## [2014-11-18 18:10] eso

chatted w Bobby about map screen.
He described the problem w this screen as "driving w both feet"
love that description. antipattern
e gave me persmission to explore an options menu style invocation of the map nav panel :)

---

## [2014-11-18 21:51] eso

ARMOR DYEING v2 NOTES

The wheel element behind the radial menu should only be visible when I'm able to navigate that menu, otherwise it should be hidden

do not use weathered-metal looking frames around color swatches in the radial menu. Instead, use the same treatment for all color swatches on this screen



when the focus of the screen shifts to the radial menu, I feel that the focus of the vertical menu needs to be diminished
	-	I can see now that we change the opacity of the active panel, but because the panel is already black, the darker black is not highly visible
	-	Take a look at what skyrim does - they increase the luminance of the defocused panel


I will specify standardized layout for the vertical list panel

I will specify standardized layout for item tooltip

Item tooltip charge/damage meter doesn't need to be shown when looking at items in this context

Character model needs to be shifted from behind panel to the right side of the screen so color changes are visible while I'm making them

All content in panel 2 needs to be shifted to fall within safe area boundary

Don't show item preview in tooltip area. The tooltip is provided as a convenience, so item names and primary stats are clearly identifiable. Repeating the picture feels redundant. Instead, I'd like to see text that reinforces the actions I can take - such as Dye, Dye All, Copy, etc...

I had asked to show an outline around the the initial color swatch target when an item is focused. Turns out to be confusing, making me feel like I can somehow move the highlight before I've actually activated the color swatch targets


Would the apply color interaction break or feel more precise if when I pressed "back" from within a target color swatch I was kicked back to the vertical list?

The exit dialog that comes up when I back out of the screen is extremely confusing. I always make the wrong choice and get kicked out of the screen
-	should simply state "Apply Changes? Yes/No"

-	Pressing X to apply changes produces an indeterminate result. There's no visible difference between changes that are being previewed and changes that have been applied.
	-	X should be used within the screen to DISCARD CHANGES
	-	Any changes not discarded should be applied upon exiting the screen

When I choose a new mnode such as Dye All and then move up to a preset it switches my mode to Set Fill. If I scroll back down to a color swatch, the mode I previously selected reverts back to Dye All rather than the mode I'd previously chosen

The CLear Color mode, in addition to being non-descoverable, feels like a whole lot of work for nothing. Instead consider assigning a "clear color" function to a face button, which can be used at anyt time I am hovering over a color
	-	What Button though?

using L1/R1 paging nav to switch between modes is non obvious and easily overlooked. The paging metaphor breaks down because the view remains unchanged when I switch modes.
DYE
DYE ALL
CLEAR COLOR
COPY COLOR

---

## [2014-11-19 00:09] eso

good feedback from Thea. It makes me wonder if this particular approach can be iterated on meaningfully enough to approach intuitiveness, or if its just the wrong design. An alternate design scheme is in fact possible - similar to something Michael has suggested before. Should that approach be revisited? What would be the cost of doing so?

---

## [2014-11-19 10:33] eso

patching BVT

-	reproduce inventory issue w quest items that Nick brought up
	-	discuss next steps w Jason

-	Get Player feedback for Armor Dyeing. Listen. Learn

-	Review Cadwells Journal
	-	How do I get to it? Ask QA

-	Speak w Ala about current state of font licensing

-	Measure new font relative to old and create a lookup table I can handoff to engineering

---

## [2014-11-19 11:20] eso

creating new font lookup table

---

## [2014-11-19 12:20] eso

matched up font sizes. default leading is significantly different for new font. Ask Chip if we are able to adjust the default.

---

## [2014-11-19 17:03] eso

sent out revised font metrics and additional info to Jason, Chip

---

## [2014-11-20 09:42] eso

reviewing Cadwell Journal screen

---

## [2014-11-20 11:04] eso

Nick asked me to take a look at our loading screens
	-	specify layout and make sure elements aren't falling ouside of safe area

---

## [2014-11-20 17:37] eso

phone conference w Zindagi about solving map desig. I was decisive, and I believe my idea is a good one. Turn theexiting panel nav into an options menu, make it available on demand, so that all interactions have a clear confirmation step. Ken suggested that we keep all navigation whether in UI mode on the left stick - which makes sense - especially because it opens up the possibility of using the RS to scroll long. I will provide layout tenmplate to Jeremy for the map tooltips, and will also do some additional design for the map screen in which the name of my current location (the name of thye map I'm looking it) is always clearly visible.

---

## [2014-11-21 10:58] eso

add additional use cases found for secondary header to layout guide - these were discussed w Anand & Paul earlier in the week

---

## [2014-11-21 11:40] eso

updated quest journal doc to include metadata layout discussed in the feedback I previously sent out

---

## [2014-11-21 13:51] eso

doing some more cleanup work on Map UI

MAP PIN USE CASES
-	Map pin represents a single quest
-	Map pin represents multiple quests
-	Overlapping Map Pins
-	Map pin represents Wayshrine
-	Map pin represents Alliance Wayshrine (shows can not recall message)
-	Map pin represents location with high level goal
	-	"Stop the Covenant Invastion of Davons Watch"
-	Map pin represents undiscovered location
-	Map pin represents discovered location
-	Map pin represents my character
-	Map pin represents a group member
-	Map pin represents stable
-	Alliance Resource: Major Gate (shows location name in map header area)
-	Alliance Resource: Temple/Elder Scroll
-	Alliance Resource: Minor Gate
-	Alliance Resource: Castle
-	Alliance Resource: Mine
-	Alliance Resource: Lumbermill
-	Alliance Resource: Farm
-	Alliance Resource: Lock
-	Alliance Resource: Outpost
-	Alliance Resource



MAP DETAIL USE CASES
-	Map detail is within area quest
-	Map detail is a region of the world (highlighted area of the map

MAP UI HINT BAR

---

## [2014-11-23 13:03] eso

MAP INTERACTIONS

MAP MODE
-	Focusing on a map pin shows tooltip detail of that pin
	-	Overlapping map pis
	-	tooltip detail for all pins is combined into a singlke tooltip
-	Selecting a map pin
	-	Wayshrine
	-	Quest Pin
		-	selected quest becomes the current quest
			-	Has Multiple Quests at this Pin

---

## [2014-11-24 10:09] eso

continuing research and design for unified map tooltip scheme

---

## [2014-11-24 11:30] eso

still looking for map pin reference

---

## [2014-11-24 14:19] eso

patched ESO game client to get screenshots of map tooltip use cases

---

## [2014-11-24 16:07] eso

Working too slowly.
figured out a standardized layout and now placing content inside to see how it holds up

---

## [2014-11-24 17:38] eso

making progress. stay the fucking course

---

## [2014-11-24 23:12] eso

finished FW layout for map pins
working on quest pins

---

## [2014-11-25 15:25] eso

adding map desgns to confluence

---

## [2014-11-26 09:43] eso

adding map journal designs to confluence
-	quests
-	locations

laying out controls for journal UI
-	Filters
-	Key

---

## [2014-11-26 10:29] eso

The game looks like such shit now its almost unbearable, but its not a surprise, nor is it unexpected. This is the moment before it starts looking really good. What can I do to ensure that?

---

## [2014-11-26 15:56] eso

layout map filter screen

---

## [2014-11-26 17:54] eso

cleaned up map filter design
Have been looking an at alternate method of L1?R1 paging, which provides greater sense of affordance at the expense of scale - but which I initially feel is more visibly different/obvious than what's being used right now.

---

## [2014-11-26 17:58] eso

Key (AVA Map)
Players
-	You
-	Group member
-	Battle
Travel
-	Wayshrine
-	Border Keep
-	Forward Camp
Merchants
-	Guild Trader
Elder Scrolls
-	Offensive
-	Defensive
Structures
-	Artifact gate
-	Keep
-	Outpost
-	Temple
Resources
-	Farm
-	Lumbermill
-	Mine
Dungeons
-	Delve
Other
-	Dark Anchor
-	interesting Location
-	Mundus Stone


Key (Default Map)
Players
-	You
-	Group Member
Travel
-	Wayshrine
-	Dock
-	Caravan
Merchants
-	Markletplace
-	Inn
-	Alchemy
-	Enchanting
-	Clothier
-	Woodworking
-	Blacksmithing
-	Guild Trader
Services
-	Bank, Guild Store
-	Stables
-	Rededication Shrine
-	Dye Station
-	Outlaw's Refuge
Guilds
-	Mages Guild Hall
-	Fighters Guild Hall

---

## [2014-11-30 11:19] eso

Today's goals
x	post map designs to confluence
-	layout exploration dialog templates
-	layout exploration options menus
-	layout exploration item list w wordwrapped 37px focused text
	-	compile examples from different screen in gridsystem doc as an ALT design
-	layout exploration L1/R1 paging nav
	-	compile examples from different screens in gridsystem doc as an ALT design
-	create hintbar design
	-	includes new XP/Champion meter
	-	includes rules for when to show the back button
	-	includes rules for button ordering

---

## [2014-11-30 17:00] eso

Still wrestling with the map. Changed the way the Map Key works. Layouty is tight. I keep looking at this design and wondering how to make it better. Its non-optimal in a number of places, but need to see this core design working before adjusting the behavior

---

## [2014-11-30 19:04] eso

going thru email at work - evaluating design calls that Ken is bringing up

---

## [2014-11-30 21:02] eso

Ken made some good points regarding the appearance of modal dialogs on the Enchant, Charge and Repair screen. I am seeing if I can extend those ideas to the dialog framework in general. Very promising. Good call Ken :)

---

