# Raw Entries for July 2014

**Total Entries:** 130
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-07-01 09:27] eso

create tasks for this sprint

---

## [2014-07-01 12:01] eso

Updating Character Creation
-	update Character Creation design and post to confluence for Zindagi
	x	apply grid to design
	-	change color picker so it is a single row with center focus and no confirmation step required
	-	rethink keybinding assignments in the hint bar (what buttons do I press)
		-	how do I preview novice/veteran/nogear
		-	how do I rotate the character preview
		x	how do I lock a parameter
		x	how do I randomize parameters
		x	how do I finish a character
	-	provide example of system keyboard to follow "finalize character?" dialog
	-	show detail of how alliance and race selection are related
	-	include picker for Imperial under Race block
	-	locked parameter state

---

## [2014-07-02 11:15] eso

working on character creation update. there are a number of sceanrios involving widgets that must be fleshed out further before handoff to Zindagi

---

## [2014-07-02 13:33] eso

getting somewhere with chooser widget. and allance/race grid

---

## [2014-07-02 14:46] eso

continued winning for alliance/race grid. finished Alliance chooser widget. Moving on to Race chooser

---

## [2014-07-02 17:19] eso

Those icons on the character creation screen need to be framed in order to convey focused/selected more effectively. looking into that possibility right now.

---

## [2014-07-02 21:43] eso

finally making some progress on the race/alliance selection matrix. I did it by using text to represent the states before applying the graphics. Now I'm applying the graphics

---

## [2014-07-02 23:39] eso

finished up interaction details for race/alliance grid :)
need to do same for color picker
-	create scenario to demonstrate color picker behavior
-	create scenario for lock parameter
-	create scenario for finish and name character
-	create layouts of each vertical stack as separate pages:
	x	race
	-	class
	-	body type
	-	head type
	-	features
	-	body shape
	-	face
	-	eyes
	-	ears
	-	nose
	-	mouth

---

## [2014-07-03 00:32] eso

just sketched out an item-centered approach to inventory - based in part on some feedback from Matt P, one of the QA leads. This approach significantly reduces the need to dive into and out of categories, and finally provides a view all list in addition to categorized views such as weapons, armor, consumables, etc. Where this approach really shines though is that item equipping/unequipping is done with R1 for general purpose and the right hand, and with L1 for the left hand.

---

## [2014-07-03 10:13] eso

transfer work directory to \\hvault\Departments\Art\UI and update syncBack reference for that ez syncing

---

## [2014-07-03 10:14] eso

start getting stuff into confluence. work on character creation silos first

---

## [2014-07-03 11:02] eso

Yuting is filing IT request for UI team to have shared access to \\hvault\External path

---

## [2014-07-03 14:45] eso

continuing documentation of character create

---

## [2014-07-03 18:06] eso

forgot to add imperial icon picker
consolidating race and class into a category called "character"

---

## [2014-07-03 18:19] eso

actually - not consolidating those categories after all, the messaging works better when they are seperate silos!

---

## [2014-07-04 09:18] eso

character creation
-	create scenario to demonstrate color picker behavior
-	create scenario for lock parameter
-	create scenario for finish and name character
-	create layouts of each vertical stack as separate pages:
	x	race
	x	class
	x	body type
	x	head type
	x	features
	x	body shape
	x	face
	x	eyes
	x	ears
	x	nose
	x	mouth

---

## [2014-07-06 03:11] eso

confluence documentation
-	silo templates
-	animated gifs
	-	choose an alliance
	-	choose race
-	locking parameters
-	mention that R2 cycles between previews

---

## [2014-07-06 17:25] eso

posting character creation material to confluence. Its come a long way from the original sketch. I've been working out details of the revised inventory design on paper. Moving on to that next. Checking out details of data entry error (bad characetr name)

---

## [2014-07-06 17:28] eso

error conditions
There are too few letters in this name
Names may not begin with a space.
Names may not use more than two of the same letter in a row
Names may not contain adjacent punctuation
Names may not contain more than for hyphens, apostrophes or spaces

---

## [2014-07-06 17:41] eso

Finished Character Creation update. whew

---

## [2014-07-07 03:30] eso

I've fleshed out my new vison for an item based inventory. I believe the design is easier to use, and in fact could be even easier were we not using LT/RT as a general purpose method for jumping between list categories. The most natural mapping for equiupping would be as Skyrim does, where equipping items is related to the hand they go in. At the end of the day (literally) its not a huge issue. the only time equipping is modal is when something can be dual wielded. In all other cases, simply pressing CONFIRM equips the item

---

## [2014-07-07 20:03] eso

reviewing my inventory design

---

## [2014-07-08 13:34] eso

overall details of inventory design were well recieved or invisible. Some push back from the team though to maintain the slot-based approach as implemented. Which is actually possible...
I'm mocking that up now and seeing where it falters.

---

## [2014-07-08 17:29] eso

I mocked up a hybrid slot-centric approach which includes New, All, Quickslot, Consumable & Supply categories. It seems OK, I'm not convinced that equipping items from a slot is the best UX, but mechanically its been shown that slot-centric and category-centric approaches can both work, and evern co-exist. Doing some final cleanuop and handing off to Dan.

TODO
-	reintroduce iconography for Inventory Category listing. Dan has a good solution in place that simply doesnt show icons for unpopulated slots. I also believe that we can hide categories that don't exist (for exmaple- if I have no consumables, that category doesnt get shown in the same way that when I have no new items, that category isn't shown)

-	add icons back to inventory category listings
-	update confluence documentation

---

## [2014-07-09 10:09] eso

add implementation tasks for inventory

inventory screen second pass

goal is to make the screen layout match the design template as closely as possible to establish that visual language and increase legibility.

implement transitions

needs panel art
needs conformed layout metrics
needs anim previz for reference
conform layout metrics

needs updated design templates for reference
iconography

placeholder new icon
placeholder equipped icon
list framework

create disabled state for list items
placeholder panels

needs design template for reference



DAN
-	conform screen to design tenmplate metrics
-	implement screen transitions
-	implement motion between panels with analog stick

MARC
-	create placeholder art for:
	-	panels
	-	icons
	-	empty equipment slot

GARY
-	review item tooltips
-	review ability tooltips

CHIP
-	update tooltip layout pending review

---

## [2014-07-09 10:54] eso

add abovee tasks to confluence

---

## [2014-07-09 14:06] eso

don't need to recreate entire scenario to post documentation. whats necessary?

-	Player Menu
-	Inventory Menu
-	Inventory Menu (empty)
-	Equipment List
-	Compare Other Hand
-	Equip
-	Equip Choose Slot
-	Options Menu<>
-	Empty comparison tooltip

---

## [2014-07-10 02:54] eso

very long work session but worth it. reformnatted the grid and the list, lots of A/B testing to get it feeling good. Sketched ideas for quickslot & skill assignment. A new kind of options panel - one thats more or less full screen and presents a generalized UI for assign to slots, binding skills to slots and slot management. Will wireframe this on a whiteboard w Chip, Dan, Chris, Jason

---

## [2014-07-10 03:15] eso

need to crete an equipment options menu for inventory screen. same pattern as dual wield equip options

---

## [2014-07-10 11:17] eso

x	inspect quickslot in-game implementation
-	create Item Options template for inveentory

---

## [2014-07-10 15:12] eso

verifying Dan's first pass on conforming inventory layout metrics
sketching quickslot assign scenarios
chartted w Brandon from Zindagi today. Solid guy. He's working on character select. I really need to get that design revised - that's tobnight's project I think

---

## [2014-07-10 15:21] eso

Dan's first pass is super accurate. He's implemented a grid controller that makes it easy to plug numbers into and get results. goddamn!

---

## [2014-07-10 16:09] eso

tooltips need further inspection to bringthem in line with the desin. Seriosly though, they look amazing.

---

## [2014-07-10 17:43] eso

Chip showed me how to access the tooltip editor.
Only changes I want to make thus far are a small font size change. I really like how he's exposed these controls to me.

One thing I'd like him to account for is an equipped signifier as seen in inventoru:
-	Main Hand, Off Hand
-	Main Hand
-	Off Hand

Another related feature would be to do similar for skill assignments, as in:
-	Assigned to X

---

## [2014-07-11 11:21] eso

excellent discussion w Nick about my generalized design approach to quickslots. He suggested a more modal approach that I feel would also work, but that comes with the cost of always diving in and out of content. I'm moving forward to fleshing out my initial idea in FW to see how it presents visually. I'll also moch up the modal version we discussed and will evaluate further from there.

---

## [2014-07-11 11:30] eso

I extended the work we did on skills,. I like how that system works, but I dislike that my initial slot assignment takes me to a seperate slot assignment page where I can select skills and slots independently, whereas my subsequent slot assignments keep me on that page (I don't have to go anywhere)

I don't feel that my initial selection should be privileged this way. Instead of ordering content in time, it can be ordered in space. In my design approach

The most immediate way to deal with this (for assign from slot) is to have my EDIT ACTIONBAR CTA take me immediately to a state where I can selet slots and skills independently (thus removing the modality)

---

## [2014-07-11 13:37] eso

The interaction patterns for slot assign are complex enough that I cant easily distinguish the relative merits of the 2 different approaches on paper. I'm going to create simple Axure prototype (w xpadder driving keyboard input) to see how these patterns feel. In the meantime I can finalize Character Selection and update that documentation.

---

## [2014-07-11 14:18] eso

character select deletion messaging

DELETE (0)
You cannot delete any characters at this time.
Deletions become available over time. Please try again later

DELETE (1)
You may delete 1 character at this time.
Deletions become available over time.



CHARACTERS

	Skinjester-A
	Rank 50 Dark Elf Sorceror
	Stonefalls

	Futura
	Rank 50 Redguard Templar
	Stonefalls

	Sssslytherin9
	Level 20 Argonian Dragonknight
	Stonefalls

SETTINGS

	Audio >
	Video >


SETTINGS

	Audio >
	Video >

CHARACTERS

	Skinjester-A
	Rank 50 Dark Elf Sorceror
	Stonefalls

	Futura
	Rank 50 Redguard Templar
	Stonefalls

	Sssslytherin9
	Level 20 Argonian Dragonknight
	Stonefalls

---

## [2014-07-11 21:50] eso

continuing work on Character Select. Reviewed my initial revision w Jason

---

## [2014-07-11 21:50] eso

Design is the search for form. True?

---

## [2014-07-12 00:52] eso

almost there with character selection. definite improvement looks to be more streamlined and stripped down to essentials

---

## [2014-07-12 01:14] eso

TO-DO

-	show focused state for GAMEPLAY
	-	change the CTA to read "Game Settings"

-	update hintbar in deltion dialog. only option should be "Cancel"

-	show updated messaging in deletion state
	-	show that deletion is no longer available when the character limint is reached (for confluence doc)

-	update confluence doc

---

## [2014-07-12 01:28] eso

arghhh. just realized that place those game menu options in the vertical list wont work. Each time I want to change settings I'll be changing the state of trhe character, which wont feel so great

Those options (and deletion) will need to be exposed in an options menu accessible by pressing TRIANGLE

TO-DO

x	show options menu
		CHARACTER
			Delete Character (2)

		SETTINGS
			Audio
			Video
			Gameplay

x	show updated messaging in deletion state
	-	show that deletion is no longer available when the character limit is reached (for confluence doc)

x	show panel stacking/hierarchy as in inventory

x	Add "Play" to the hint bar

x	Show case for reached character limit

-	update confluence doc

---

## [2014-07-12 17:00] eso

finished character select design and posting to confluence

---

## [2014-07-12 19:38] eso

having some fun playing with confluence, when I thought I was going to play Skyrim

---

## [2014-07-13 01:10] eso

I'm studying a screenshot of the current build. Relative to what I'm seeing on the screen the text rendered by the game seems horizontally scaled, and appears sharper than I prefer. Is there some kind of transform on this? Ask Dan & Chip why rendered text appears different than what I see in-game

or is it the frame buffer size? Need to take some screenshots of my own to compare and rule that out.

---

## [2014-07-13 02:24] eso

After additional thinking on slot assign, the modal approach is the way to go. The only question ius whether it is entirely list based or affordance based. Either case would work, but the list based approach allows vertical navigation to be used in all cases, whereas the affordance based approach gives you a representation to work with. Management is possible in both cases, but must be invoked as an option for assign from slot

---

## [2014-07-13 15:34] eso

mapping out quickslot assignment scenario arrived upon throufgh sketches and conversation. Its a modal approach, with 2 possible variations: list based and affordance based. I'm doing the list based case first as its the most straightforward to construct.

---

## [2014-07-13 20:45] eso

finished list-based modal slot assign scenario. Can use some cleanup, I modified spacing of icon/text label pairs and prever not to do so

Otherwise its not bad, but the dual representation of a vertical slot list and the actual slot UI seems like it might be questionable. Like looking at two things changing at one when i make a single

---

## [2014-07-13 23:36] eso

very rough first pass using affordance based modal scenario. Promising

---

## [2014-07-14 10:47] eso

reviewing some screenshots for font sizing/appearance issue that I noted over the weekend. Is it just antialiasing? Letterspacing? Why is text not rendered at the same sizee as I see it in my designs?

Also measuring list whitespace for menu style lists. Not sure if accurate in my wireframes

---

## [2014-07-14 11:01] eso

refining character select list formatting. repost to confluence for Zindagi

---

## [2014-07-14 11:22] eso

I'm modifying list icon/text placement such that text is always same number of units away from icon

---

## [2014-07-14 12:05] eso

updated character select and pointed bRANDON TOWARDS IT

---

## [2014-07-14 12:05] eso

Measuring type in Photoshop. I think the objectionable nature of what I'm seeing is the antialiasing method in use

---

## [2014-07-14 13:16] eso

doing another design pass on quickslot assignemt before reviewing w Nick & Dan

---

## [2014-07-14 13:40] eso

looking for up to date item assets in P4. exporting to local

---

## [2014-07-14 14:33] eso

those icons look the same as the ones I already hacve

---

## [2014-07-15 00:35] eso

significant amount of time spent on this quickslot radial wheel. Kept it amorphous, as is couurntly in gam e - other approaches possible with visual design, but is finally feeling right to m,e in the context of this work

---

## [2014-07-15 01:01] eso

sooo. now to figure what happens after slot assignment

---

## [2014-07-15 11:08] eso

the work that I put into the quickslot UI paid off. Moving forward with it

---

## [2014-07-15 11:21] eso

consulted w Dan on panel transitions. getting there. had a telepathic moment!

---

## [2014-07-15 11:30] eso

adding details to character select. - provinding info about list order - most recent character appears at top of list

---

## [2014-07-15 14:27] eso

screen capturing conversation windows
Fallout 3
ESO-PC

---

## [2014-07-16 10:10] eso

-	review latest inventory design (Marc)
x	review Alchemy design (Colin)
-	review Ben's font rendering exploration
x	collate Alex's pregame designs as PNG
	x	am I able to open the Axure files?
-	design sketches Character Stats
-	additional zindagi designers - what are they doing?
-	review inventory transitions w Dan

---

## [2014-07-16 11:26] eso

reviewed Alex's work. totally solid. A credit to his field :) Added that work to console ui table of contents
Discussed Alchemy with Colin. Its on the right rack. Familiarize myself again with Alchemy so I am certain to understand the screen though.

---

## [2014-07-16 12:07] eso

need to sync up w Colin on Alchemy design
-	if we don't show item tooltips, then we'd need to convey that information in the list itself. Which is do-able.
-	so the choice to make is how much of that information is exposed in the list vs the tooltip.
-	does there even need to be a tooltip?
-	other crafting systems do in fact use a tooltip (on PC) why shouldn't alchemy?

---

## [2014-07-16 14:47] eso

reviewing additional design work from Colin
Provisioning
Enchanting (creation)
Enchanting (Extraction)

---

## [2014-07-16 20:16] eso

taking a second look at formatting and standardization for the Alchemy screen. List formatting. Progress meter treatment. I feel that all the meter readouts should be treated similarly, they feel disconnected visually to me at the moment, need to standardize

---

## [2014-07-16 21:04] eso

email to Dan about adding vertical rails to the panels to define that space more clearly and serve as an anchor for the motion

---

## [2014-07-16 21:29] eso

interesting
modifying the player header to format like a tooltip led to a modification of the item & ability tooltips that's a good step forward.

-	format tooltip as desired with /tooltip and pass that data to CHip. Not major change.

-	review latest inventory design (Marc)
x	review Alchemy design (Colin)
-	review Ben's font rendering exploration
x	collate Alex's pregame designs as PNG
	x	am I able to open the Axure files?
-	design sketches Character Stats
-	additional zindagi designers - what are they doing?
x	review inventory transitions w Dan
-	Add panel railing to transitions w Dan
-	reformat item tooltip w Chip
-	review Colin's latest - enchanting & provisioning

---

## [2014-07-16 21:37] eso

will incorporate player info stack into character stats
moving on w alchemy revision markup

---

## [2014-07-17 10:42] eso

-	review latest inventory design (Marc)
-	review Ben's font rendering exploration
-	design sketches Character Stats
-	additional zindagi designers - what are they doing?
-	Iterate on panel transitions w Dan
	-	Add panel railing to transitions w Dan
	-	Add delayed transition out for empty tooltip
-	reformat item tooltip w Chip
x	review Colin's latest - enchanting & provisioning
-	update Quickslot design as discussed in this week's review

---

## [2014-07-17 10:43] eso

-	review Colin's latest - enchanting & provisioning
patching BVT so I can reference the design against existing

-	review latest inventory design (Marc)
getting materials prepped to go over w him

---

## [2014-07-17 15:21] eso

not getting a lot of time to focus today w constant feedback & inquiry
Also Dan is leaving :(

---

## [2014-07-17 16:50] eso

reviewed Colins designs for Provisioning & Enchanting
they seem solid

---

## [2014-07-18 12:45] eso

researching Smithing from a fansite. How doe players experience that system?

---

## [2014-07-18 13:56] eso

finished detailed research on blacksmithing. Tying it out for myself with my real character (skinjester)

---

## [2014-07-19 16:27] eso

playing ESO studying smithing

---

## [2014-07-20 20:12] eso

sketching character stats screen in FW
-	what does the list look like when its scrolling
-	what does the design look like with real data
-	messaging on focus of magicka/health/stamina
	-	overcharge warning
	-	stat descriptions
-	descriptions
	-	is stat panel repurposed for active effect, active mount tooltip?
	-	is active mount, active effect info detailed in the list (no tooltip)
		-	any additional messaging when active effect or active mount is focused?

---

## [2014-07-21 09:33] eso

additional layout work for character stats. to be continued...

---

## [2014-07-21 12:08] eso

coordinating with Michael at zindagi to prepare alchemy for tech review later. delegating

---

## [2014-07-21 12:08] eso

-	Discuss Blacksmithing w Zindagi
	-	forward my gameplay notes and discuss a strategic approach for smithing UI

-	design work on Character Stats
	-	what does the list look like when its scrolling
	-	what does the design look like with real data
	-	messaging on focus of magicka/health/stamina
		-	overcharge warning
		-	stat descriptions
	-	descriptions
		-	is stat panel repurposed for active effect, active mount tooltip?
		-	is active mount, active effect info detailed in the list (no tooltip)
			-	any additional messaging when active effect or active mount is focused?

-	Meet w Dan
	-	status of panel transitions
	-	add additional categorization to inventory as designed

-	Cleanup Inventory design
	-	review w Dan
	-	post update to Confluence

-	Design review Character Stats w Nick

---

## [2014-07-21 12:35] eso

cleaned up smithing playthru notes in preparation for sending out to zindagi

---

## [2014-07-21 13:33] eso

screen sharing discussing w Michael at Zindagi. going thru work in preparation for tech review later

---

## [2014-07-21 22:18] eso

working on character stats layout

---

## [2014-07-21 22:57] eso

worked out layout for main character stats panel
x	normalize vertical list layout
	-	add Title dropdown?
	-	expose choice of title in an options menu?
x	what does the list look like when scrolled
x	what does the design look like with real data
x	overcharge warning
-	active effects/active mount described in list or as tooltip?

---

## [2014-07-21 23:05] eso

added a "focus guide" to character stats screen and one of the inventory scenarios - amazing what a difference it makes visually to indicate the navigational flow

---

## [2014-07-22 01:27] eso

made significant progress on chartacter stats layout

---

## [2014-07-22 12:31] eso

blocked out dem0layout for Alchemy w tooltip
Waiting for update from Michael to see if he's visualized stepping through the list we're interested in using
Studying and editing Smithing design doc
A number of meetings and stuff today will make it hard to focus on any one thing for long

---

## [2014-07-22 21:30] eso

fleshing out character stat scenarios. taking a look at the various conditions for active mounty

---

## [2014-07-22 23:00] eso

character creation looking very solid. I've taken the secondary panel and increased the luminanc eof it a bit (pastel black basically) and this move favorably reinforces hierarchy.


x	create state for active effect
-	create active mount fed state
x	created add point/overcharge state

---

## [2014-07-23 00:16] eso

finoished for now. nice work. cool layout. add active mount state tomorrow. good to go for review

---

## [2014-07-23 10:50] eso

reviewed character stats w Nick. Its good to go with some small edits

CHARACTER STATS
-	create state for horse has been fed (w timer)
-	modify active effects to include timer subheader area when appropriate
-	add confirm spend points dialog
-	post documentation to confluence

INVENTORY
-	revise inventory design
-	discuss inventory w Jason (programmer)

REVIEW
-	continue blacksmith design review
x	review Michaels latest on alchemy

PLANNING
-	create tasks for stories identified in sprint planning

---

## [2014-07-23 11:26] eso

doing some housecleaning in confluence

---

## [2014-07-23 17:26] eso

have not yet been able to focus on any specific tasks. Dan is filling Jason in on how inventory works. He came by but I wasnt ready to discuss. Need to do that inventory cleanup tonight. That's actually more of an immediate priority than updating and posting character stats but I dont want to leave any baggage for cleanup. My schedule is pretty tight

PRIORITIES
-	review blacksmithing
-	update inventory
-	update character stats
	x	created grid page
	x	created panel page
-	post character stats to confluence

---

## [2014-07-23 20:43] eso

CHARACTER STATS
x	create state for horse has been fed (w timer)
-	modify active effects to include timer subheader area when appropriate
-	add confirm spend points dialog
-	post documentation to confluence

---

## [2014-07-23 22:25] eso

working on the mount diet infopanel. A bit mnore involved than I thought, but cool. The overall design is excellent I think :) What I had not realized is that you level your mount by feeding it. It gains stamina, carrying capacity and speed depending on what you feed it and the gains are cumulative - thats what the meters were tracking!

---

## [2014-07-23 22:44] eso

a wide gamut of potential solutions for "feeding" and settled on simplesty case (of course) took a while to get there

---

## [2014-07-24 15:20] eso

discussed updated inventory design w Jason & Dan. Some good points brought up - specifically the NEW category is difficult (and possibly unnecessary) to implement. The rest of it is solid. Jason is beginning work on item categorization - the All category for now. Dan is getting him up to speed. Also met with Bobby the platform UX designer. Good guy - some good work and especially interested to see his design for a drop down pattern, and a so-called Safety Net pattern - which is used for login and authentication, but may well have applications for the game side.

---

## [2014-07-24 15:22] eso

revising inventory design for confluence and to share w Jason
-	update categories
	-	what categories will be used?
		-	All
		-	CONSUMABLES
		-	MATERIALS
		-	MISC (?)
		-	QUICKSLOTS

-	show how tooltips and comparisonj behavior work when euipping for a category list

---

## [2014-07-24 16:35] eso

I've got Inventory setup for tonights work session. There's enough time remaining for todays work session to get Character Stats finalized for confluence

CHARACTER STATS
x	create state for horse has been fed (w timer)
x	modify active effects to include timer subheader area when appropriate
x	add confirm spend points dialog
x	post documentation to confluence

---

## [2014-07-24 17:07] eso

walking thru Blacksmithing design w Zindagi

---

## [2014-07-24 18:35] eso

finished up meeting w Zindagi. Next steps are being taken. Solid collaboration.

---

## [2014-07-24 21:31] eso

posted updated character sheet design to confluence

---

## [2014-07-24 21:54] eso

ediiting confirmation dialog. The yes/no confirmation patten is designed just like an options menu, but feels a bit disinegnuous - indirect. looking at another possibility

---

## [2014-07-24 22:01] eso

ah fuck it - design patterns for dialogs do need to be established, but now tnot the time.

---

## [2014-07-24 23:00] eso

finished with character stats. looking into inventory. what are my goals here?
-	show accurate depiction of the size of the list when all existing categories are included
	-	which of these do we want to keep? All?
	-	can any be consolidated?
-	create a model of tooltip behavior using the content matrix created earlier
-	update layout standards

---

## [2014-07-25 01:13] eso

not so much creative work this session - mostly cleanup, although perhaps of note - I've aligned the tooltip header to the baseline grid for increasingly rational layout

---

## [2014-07-25 01:43] eso

interesting. exaggerated the hierarchy cues so you see a glimpse of the previous panel's header when stepping into content. Interesting. Distracting? Run this by Jason tomorrow as I am curios to see how this looks when applied to our motion model

---

## [2014-07-25 09:33] eso

The item traits on tooltips are pretty important and I think it would be beneficial to reinforce them with an iconographic treatment. How interesting it would be if those icons could be like thumbnail diagrams similar to the ones in Fallout - where they're not symbols but rather character based line drawings. It woud be interesting to see such an image used as a background for the entire tooltip (because the trait is diffused into the item itself)

---

## [2014-07-26 22:34] eso

downloaded watch dogs for PS3 last night. just booted it up. very slick and concise visual presentation. Similar menu interaction layout with all interactions focused on left side in a single panel

---

## [2014-07-26 22:35] eso

I'm curious about what else the vertical list could be. There's an awkward appearance to it that I'm having a hard time reconciling across the design. The list, specifically - it has everything to do with how space is afforded for

---

## [2014-07-27 21:25] eso

figuring out the logic of tooltips vs equipment slots

I HAVE NOTHING EQUIPPED

-	Inspect 2H
	-	Show MAIN HAND slot
	-	Equip to MAIN & OFF HAND
-	Inspect	1H
	-	Show MAIN HAND slot
	-	Equip to MAIN HAND
-	Inspect Shield
	-	Show OFF HAND slot
	-	Equip to OFF HAND

I HAVE A TWO HANDED WEAPON EQUIPPED

-	Inspect 2H
	-	Show MAIN HAND slot
	-	Equip to MAIN & OFF HAND
-	Inspect	1H
	-	Show MAIN HAND slot
	-	Equip to MAIN HAND
-	Inspect Shield
	-	Show OFF HAND slot
	-	Equip to OFF HAND


I HAVE A SWORD EQUIPPED

-	Inspect 2H
	-	Show MAIN HAND slot
	-	Equip to MAIN & OFF HAND
-	Inspect	1H
	-	Show MAIN HAND slot
	-	Equip Dialog Selects Equip Slot
-	Inspect Shield
	-	Show OFF HAND slot
	-	Equip to OFF HAND

-	Equip 2H
-	Eqiup 1H
-	Equip Shield

I HAVE 2 SWORDS EQUIPPED (DUAL WIELD)

-	Inspect 2H
-	Inspect	1H
-	Inspect Shield

-	Equip 2H
-	Eqiup 1H
-	Equip Shield

I HAVE A SWORD AND SHIELD EQUIPPED

-	Inspect 2H
-	Inspect	1H
-	Inspect Shield

-	Equip 2H
-	Eqiup 1H
-	Equip Shield

---

## [2014-07-28 01:39] eso

worked out a solution for equip from category :)

---

## [2014-07-28 08:52] eso

INVENTORY: EQUIP FROM CATEGORIZED LIST

-	All items are compared to the main hand by default
	-	equipped items aren't compared to anything
	-	shields are compared to the off hand

-	If a slot is empty it isn't shown in a comparison

-	Items that can be dual wieled bring up an equip dialog that allows selection of the slot to be equipped

---

## [2014-07-28 15:01] eso

need to update characetr select to use new layout styleing. Not a huge task, but Branndon at Zondagi needs more guidance

---

## [2014-07-28 17:51] eso

I need to do some cleanup to Character Select. Should not taken long and already got started, Original design sux, It will be better

---

## [2014-07-28 19:38] eso

cleaning up character select. the problem is that there can obly be 8 items in the list and theres too much whitesmapce - would benefit from reduced height framing as seen in Skyrim conversation dialog

---

## [2014-07-28 21:26] eso

working on inventory simultaneousl>y

---

## [2014-07-30 03:13] eso

finished initial inventory cleanup. modified list formatting, introduced a new font and revised existing scenario for equip from category. Enough to discuss w Dan and Jason tomorrow am

---

## [2014-07-30 13:22] eso

processing and collating materials to send ove rto Jason for inventory update

---

## [2014-07-30 14:33] eso

handing off scenario to Jason

---

## [2014-07-31 10:39] eso

x	review video footage of alchemy list
 -	quick mock up of idea for list filtering
 -	discuss list filtering mockup w Colin & Mike & Ken
 -	capture some Skyrim conversation footage for Alex
 x	review Mount paper design
 -	continue updating confluence w inventory updates
	-	add equip from slot scenario to inventory design
	-	add assign to quickslot scenario to inventory design

---

## [2014-07-31 13:04] eso

updating confluence vertical list framework doc with latest

---

## [2014-07-31 16:41] eso

20 minutes to sketch out my solution to crafting list filtering

---

## [2014-07-31 17:05] eso

phone conference w Zindagi

---

## [2014-07-31 22:02] eso

documenting inventory and designing list formatting

-	ask Jason about how to draw a horizontal rule as specified in my update to the list design. Is just an exploration, but want this technique availablr to draw upon

---

## [2014-07-31 22:28] eso

caturing metrics for existing menu list

---

## [2014-07-31 22:44] eso

There is an alternate inventory design, one in which equipment slots are more closely coupled to the player, or are at least overlaid on top of the environment. You can view those slots as empty slots or as slots filled with an icon. Only when you use the right stick do those slots come to life, showing item name and tooltip  - layout of that TBD. The increased control requires increased complexity in the interaction design - perhaps not overly so though. Basically, while navigating through slots with the right stick, you'd need to make a selection while holding the stick, and pressing an easily accessible button like RT. Which actually feels pretty good when I try this w game controller. Another requirement here is that the equipment slots are only activated while the stick is being held. When the stick is in a rest state, those slots revert to their defauly (inactive) state.

How to test this idea? Ask Jason to set up a quick prototype where moving the right stick causes an inactive target to "become active/focused", and releasing it causes the target to deactivate.

A further test would be to cause multiple arbitraryily placed targets to app(ear (clustered so they're obvs together). Moving the stick causes focus to shift to each of them incrementally. Releasing the stick causes them to deactivate.

1
10
100
1000
9999
10K
99.99K
100K
999.99K
1M
9.99M
10M
99.99M
100M
999.99M
1B


10,447
10.44K


456,842

456.84K

---

