# Raw Entries for April 2014

**Total Entries:** 144
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-04-01 08:43] eso

completed player menu vlist anim

---

## [2014-04-01 10:24] eso

updating shared directory

---

## [2014-04-01 13:02] eso

finished preparing wireframes for Mark Reeves vlist framework
-	need to chat w Mark and ask what else he needs to move forward
-	need to chat w Marc to discuss visual design philosophy & requirements

---

## [2014-04-01 13:03] eso

setting up automated mirroring local <-> shared

---

## [2014-04-01 13:24] eso

finished setting up automated mirroring

---

## [2014-04-01 13:24] eso

handed off assets to Mark Reeves

---

## [2014-04-01 14:06] eso

collaboration
x	discuss list framework w Mark Reeves
x	discuss visual design agenda w Marc Hudgins

collate & post
-	create an list of UI components found in existing designs
	-	icons
	-	widgets
	-	lists
-	assemble UI components into a stylesheet (PSD)
-	post UI components to shared

work on vmenu specific wireframes & metrics examples
x	Player Menu
-	Inventory:Nav1
-	Inventory:Nav2
-	Skills:Nav1
-	Skills:Nav2

---

## [2014-04-01 16:41] eso

Kurt has put together a good approach for our workflow. Here's what's meeded from me:
Question: How do we get started?
The first thing we need is a list from Gary on the features he'd like to design this Sprint, and from there we can get Stories, Sub-Tasks, and estimates in. I know two things that are currently in progress are the Vertical List Component and the Player Menu.

---

## [2014-04-01 21:13] eso

working on inventory nav2 framework anim

---

## [2014-04-02 09:48] eso

x	post inventory nav2 sequence for Mark
x	speak w Kurt about Chat panel design (ideas)
x	research user journey artifacts - reasonable process?
x	collate list of UI widgets
-	ESO Systems feature estimates
-	modify character creation design to use R3 to lock parameters and add randomize feature
-	check in w Mark R on status/task creation for list framework task
-	analyze and sketch journal screen behaviors
-	ckeck in w Marc on visual design

---

## [2014-04-02 10:08] eso

chat panel
-	uses same full width screen space as hint bar
	-	transitions in from bottom of screen

---

## [2014-04-02 11:46] eso

discussed chat panel design w Kurt. Some interesting opportunities emerging. I want to creata user journey doc for chat actually. Have never done one before. No idea if its even valuable. And yet...

---

## [2014-04-02 11:47] eso

started collating widgets

---

## [2014-04-02 14:06] eso

completed UX research on User journey maps. Will see if this can be applied to the Chat system.

---

## [2014-04-02 15:17] eso

widget collating is taking longer than expected. Being thorough

---

## [2014-04-02 16:54] eso

I've collated and written up as many widgets as I've observed

---

## [2014-04-02 17:09] eso

looking at character creation flow and editing sliders

collating widgets

---

## [2014-04-03 10:00] eso

BACKLOG
-	check in w Mark R on status/task creation for list framework task
-	ckeck in w Marc on visual design progress
-	generate dds assets from widget list
-	create FW page w all widgets and descriptions
-	ESO Systems feature estimates
-	modify character creation design to use R3 to lock parameters and add randomize feature
-	analyze and sketch journal screen behaviors

IN PROGRESS
x	discuss chat design w Kurt
	-	Kurt is moving on to mapping out scenarios for the design we both like
	-	need to think about how the keyboard can be used for navigation
x	speak w Ryan about suppressing system keyboard for text entry w external keyboard
	-	Ryan is going to bring up the issue w MS
	-	We are moving ahead with the asumption that we can suppress the keyboard

---

## [2014-04-03 10:59] eso

processing design overview presentation to bake in linked images, and sending it off to Ala Diaz, who'd asked me about it yesterday

---

## [2014-04-03 13:59] eso

converted linked files in PP to embedded. Turned out to be trivial, rather than hard
Sent that material over to Ala in response to his questions about it

---

## [2014-04-03 13:59] eso

moving back over to collate widgets task

---

## [2014-04-03 17:56] eso

adding layout scheme to widget collation so it communicates well

---

## [2014-04-03 22:00] eso

collating widgets

---

## [2014-04-04 13:08] eso

finished collating widgets for now
handing off assets to Marc for slicing into dds

---

## [2014-04-04 14:47] eso

both Kurt & Marc are doing solid work. Time to open up to trusting the ambient intelligence around me

---

## [2014-04-04 16:43] eso

Saturday
-	read through chat design thoroughly
-	complete story point estimates for design tasks

---

## [2014-04-04 20:45] eso

take a loot at ESO-PC metrics and names. Can those old font constants (the names) be mapped to points on the graphs I've done?

---

## [2014-04-04 22:01] eso

started Confluence page for Typography

---

## [2014-04-07 09:55] eso

working on console UI components confluence
starting console UI controller layout confluence

---

## [2014-04-07 12:53] eso

working on task estimates in Systems spreadsheet

---

## [2014-04-07 13:58] eso

examinined ESO-PC chat system, need to be sure I understand how it works

---

## [2014-04-07 14:54] eso

still thinking about chat. reviewing Kurt's edits. I think this approach is better

---

## [2014-04-07 16:13] eso

spreadsheet estimates. want to finish this. seriously boring shit

---

## [2014-04-07 18:30] eso

finished estimates for all dialogs

---

## [2014-04-08 09:53] eso

-	Kurts agenda for today?
	-	review Kurts character select work
	-	post confluence documentation for text chat and voice chat designs
-	complete task estimates
-	post confluence documentation
	-	inventory
	-	skills
	-	character create
	-	player menu
-	Marc's visual progress
-	Mark Reeve's progress

GLOBAL
-	grow the design into other systems
-	estimate and prioritize tasks
-	public design documentation
-	public design overview
-	interact with controls in testbed game environment

---

## [2014-04-08 10:26] eso

finished estimates for announcements
added pivot table to track story point totals per system

---

## [2014-04-08 10:42] eso

finished estimates for AVA

---

## [2014-04-08 11:03] eso

system spreadsheet is already yielding interesting information about the complexity and relationships between features

---

## [2014-04-08 11:24] eso

making good progress w this spreadsheet
setup one on ones w Kurt and Marc this afternoon

---

## [2014-04-08 12:40] eso

finished initial task estimate data entry
looking at wht the data reveals

---

## [2014-04-08 15:55] eso

interesting but somewhat frustrating discussion wLee & Kurt about Paul's stated requirements for voice/text chat. Perhaps I've been thinking about it backwards, with text chat being the primary use case, rather than voice?

Reiterating Paul's requirements to make sure I've understood them correctly:

REQUIREMENTS
-	Voice chat isn't invoked or triggered, all players have an open mic
-	Chat windows filter the textstream to show relevant information for the current VOIP channel
-	Players are always in the /say channel
	-	The /say channel can be muted
	-	Players can speak in the /say channel at any time (at all times?)
		-	/say can be heard at a radius around the speaking player

-	Group chat is available whenever a player joins a group
	-	group members can speak at any time and hear others in their group
	-	group members are automatically members of their corresponding group channel
	-	group members automatically leave a group channel when they leave the group

-	Guild channels become available when a guild is formed
	-	Guild members are automatically members of their guild channel
	-	Guild members can speak and listen by by default
		-	The guild admin can set speaking permissions for individuals
		-	The guild admin can set listening permissions for individuals
		-	The guild admin can set speaking permissions by rank
		-	The guild admin can set listening permissions by rank
	-	Guild channels are mutually exclusive
		-	Players can speak and hear one guild channel at a time

-	Players can browse and inspect a running log of people speaking in the current channel
-	Players can browse and inspect the textstream for the current channel
	-	This log enables players to take action on those listed
		-	gamercard
		-	options
			-	mute
			- 	call to party
			-	block
			-	whisper
			-	travel to player
		-	view item in chat


DEFINITIONS
-	What does speaking mean?
	-	Is it a continuous feed from an open mic that registers as input above particular threshold?
	-	Does the player open the mic (by holding a button on the game controller?)

-	What is a channel?
	-	a channel is a VOIP channel in which a player has the ability to speak and listen
		-	guild channel permissions (speak/hear) can be set for individuals by the guild leader
		-	guild channel permissions (speak/hear) can be set for memmber ranks by the guild leader
		-	channels can be muted entirely by the player

-	What is the textstream?
	-	the textstream is the ongoing stream of timestamped text generated by player data entry or NPC's

-	What is a chat window?
	-	A chat window is a filtered view of the textstream
	-	New chat windows can be created and named by players to provide easy access to different filter configurations


QUESTIONS
-	How do I speak?
	-	anything you say is registered to the CURRENT channel
-	How do I know who is speaking?
	-	username + speaking = true is timestamped/registered in chat stream
-	How is speaking represented visually?
-	How many channels can I speak in at once?
	-	one
-	How many channels can I listen to at once?
	-	two
		-	CURRENT channel
		-	/SAY
			-	say can be muted
-	Why would I want to create a custom chat window?
	-	indeed
		-	 the group & guild channels behave as custom windows in thatthey filter the chat stream

---

## [2014-04-08 22:58] eso

the chat design took a different turn earlier today based on requiremnts from Paul that were communicated to us. Kurt feels he can accomodate the design requirements and we'll take a look tomorrow am. I took a while to analyze the requirements, summarize them and frame questions about how the system works mechanically. I need to speak with Paul directly tomorrow am to understand his intent for chat however.

---

## [2014-04-08 23:01] eso

taking a look at eso systems spreadsheet. did not discuss it w Erich today due to chat design implosion (lol) earlier. need to discuss with him tomorrow.

---

## [2014-04-09 01:51] eso

visualized the fuck out of the story point estimates. Interestingly they follow a normal distribution

---

## [2014-04-09 12:06] eso

going back into systems spreadsheet
-	define & prioritize critical path

---

## [2014-04-09 15:03] eso

met w Ryan, Erich & Alex to discuss priorities for next sprint
adding priority category to systems spreadsheet

---

## [2014-04-09 15:17] eso

addded prioritization to all features

---

## [2014-04-09 15:47] eso

modified piviot table to segment by priority
will tweak layout later

---

## [2014-04-09 15:48] eso

collate an ongoing list of chat related use cases

---

## [2014-04-09 18:21] eso

worksession2
-	collate ongoing lust of chat related user cases
	-	anticipate questions about the design
	-	anticipate common scenarios
-	step through Kurt's existing work on chat and analyze further

---

## [2014-04-09 22:18] eso

my mind is racing trying to know what to do next.

What's important right now?
-	getting anything running in the testbed environment and touching the design
-	expanding the scope of the design into other areas
-	expanding the scope of the inventory design for critical path
-	creating a backlog of designs
-	updating estimates with real values as designs are completed
-	understanding how to design the chat system
-	collaboration
-	documentation
-	creating roadmap for design

---

## [2014-04-09 23:12] eso

looking at Kurts revised chat design

---

## [2014-04-10 10:50] eso

rescoped design tasks to match the prioritization I established in the system spreadsheet

---

## [2014-04-10 11:25] eso

observing how chat is used in ESO-PC

Zone chat
	initiating one to many transactions
		recruiting for guilds
		items for sale
		general game info regarding quests, bugs, discoveries
		PST (Please send tell for invite/to respond)

---

## [2014-04-10 13:17] eso

Reviewing Kurt's chat design

KURTS QUESTIONS:
-	how to signify that I can hear conversations in General when I'm speaking in another channel
	-	use microphone and speaker icons
-	shortcuts for both Whisper and Mute when highlighting players
	-	yes. both
		-	use R3 to mute focused item - whether that is a channel or a person
		-	R3 is used elsewhere as a "discard", and "mark as jumk" action
-	What do we call /say and /zone
	-	I'm OK with calling /say something like "Nearby" or simply "General"
	-	Not seeing a problem with /zone
		-	elaborate further?

DESIGN notes
-	I want to know what channels are available at all times
	-	when I join a channel, I'd like for the other avaulable channels to remain visible, but in an inactive state


SCENARIOS COVERED BY THE DESIGN
-	Joining an existing channel
-	Typing a response to a player who may not have a mic
-	Muting/Unmuting a channel
-	Leaving a channel
-	Selecting players from chatstream (Travel to Player)
-	Muting another player
-	Returning to general chat from another channel
-	You join the text-only zone channel while simultaneously speaking in the General channel
-	Tell. Your group is disbanded and you ask a previous groupmate to invite you to a new group
-	You accept a group invite and are automatically placed into the group channel
-	View linked item


SCENARIOS
-	I just joined the game, I'm not in a group or guild
	-	what do I see when I open the chat panel

-	I was listening and speaking in the General channel then I joined a group
	-	what messaging do I see in the HUD that lets me know I'm now speaking in the group channel?
	-	what do I see in the chat panel to indicate that I'm still listening to the GENERAL channel?

CONCERNS
-	confusion betweem closing the chat panel and leaving a channel
	-	Lets use the DPAD to toggle the chat panel open/closed
	-	Lets use O/B to leave a channel
		-	If you back out to the point where you are no longer in any channels, the O/B will exit the chat panel

-	when selecting a player from the chatstream, I want to view their gamercard by default

-	I'd like for R3 to be used as mute/unmute in all cases
	-	If I'm focused on a channel, it mutes/unmutes the channel
	-	If I'm focused on a player, it mutes/unmutes the player

-	did not fully understand the scenario "Returning to General Chat"
	-	it appeared that I was able to scroll between different VOIP channels without exiting the channel I was already in?
	-	I want to minimize the possible state of the channel list
		-	Whenever I step out of a chennel (for example to unmute GENERAL), I effectively leave that channel
		-	In the scenario provided, I'd expect the following to happen:
			-	I leave the group channel
			-	I scroll to the General channel
			-	I unmute the General channel
			-	I scroll back to the group channel
			-	I rejoin the group channel

-	the zone channel
	-	What if /Zone was a subset of GENERAL
	-	When I am in the GENERAL channel:
		-	I can switch between ALL/NEARBY/ZONE using L2/R2
		-	If I speak, I am always heard by the people nearby me - regardless of whether I'm viewing ALL/NEARBY/ZONE
		-	The text stream is filtered appropriately depending on whether I'm in ALL/NEABY/ZONE

---

## [2014-04-10 18:00] eso

TONIGHT
-	is the system spreadsheet open at home?
	-	file appears locked, as is causing mirroring to fail

TOMORROW
-	get together w Brent 10a to discuss approaches to task scheduling
-	need to discuss engineering task scheduling w Mark & Brent - create meeting request
-	need to discuss design task scheduling w Kurt tomorrow - informal chat

---

## [2014-04-10 22:40] eso

reprioritized Trading and Mail screens (P1)
updated systems spreadsheet to include task description, which are used to group related features

---

## [2014-04-11 11:52] eso

Here are the systems that will come online first in order.

Player Menu
	-	design documentation
	-	high fidelity wireframe for placement/sizing reference
	-	placeholder icon assets
	-	vertical list component
	-	progressbar component

Character Creation
	-	design documentation
	-	high fidelity wireframe for placement/sizing reference
	-	vertical list component
	-	horizontal list component
	-	discrete slider widget
	-	slider widget
	-	picker widget
	-	hint widget
	-	mixer widget
	-	color picker widget
	-	call to action widget

Character Selection
	-	design documentation
		-	specify button mapping assignments for hint bar
	-	high fidelity wireframe for placement/sizing reference
	-	throbber widget
	-	vertical list
	-	hint widget


Skills
	-	design documentation
	-	high fidelity wireframes for placement/sizing reference
	-	vertical menu
	-	horizontal menu
	-	progressbar component
	-	slot component (actionbar)
	-	skill icons
	-	hint widget
	-	ability tooltip
	-	call to action widget

Chat
	-	documentation
			-	specify button mapping assignments for hint bar
	-	high fidelity wireframe for placemnt and sizing
	-	placeholder icons for speaking/muted
	-	placeholder icons for listening/muted
	-	placeholder icon for text entry available
	-	vertical list component
	-	hint widget
	-	call to action widget
	-	item tooltip

---

## [2014-04-11 14:10] eso

discussing implementation details with Mark Reeves. Have tasked him to flesh out the widget library. He finds it easiest when I am able to provide animated examples
-	generate animated widget states
	-	post to confluence
-	generate

---

## [2014-04-14 10:53] eso

-	post confluence documentation for Player Inventory
-	post fonfluence documentation for Skills
-	post confluence documentation for Player Menu
-	post confluence documentation for Character Creation
-	post confluence documentation for Item Tooltip
-	post confluence documentation for Ability Tooltip
x	create high fidelity wireframe for Kurts Character Select design
	x	assign to Marc
-	create animated states for UI widget wireframes
-	post widget documentation to confluence
-	chat design review

---

## [2014-04-14 11:42] eso

REVIEWS
x	Chat design
	-	generate high fidelity wireframes for implementation
x	Visual Language w Marc
	-	in progress on options panel
x	Vertical List w Mark Reeves
	x	reviewed, looked over with Dan, sent feedback, Mark is iterating further
-	Discuss lootpickup with Kurt

---

## [2014-04-14 12:02] eso

STUDY
x	Kurts chat documentation
x	review vertical menu testbed implementation
	x	discuss vertical menu w Dan - get his advice on how to make it better

---

## [2014-04-14 16:24] eso

working on inventory documentation now

---

## [2014-04-14 17:40] eso

collating inventory user stories

---

## [2014-04-14 17:59] eso

updated functional spec for player inventory

---

## [2014-04-15 00:01] eso

Made progress with inventory documentation. Summarized & described design. Need to add use cases. This is where it gets verbose. Wondering if it is easier to provide external reference - powerpoint? seperate confluence pages per use case?

When you say "provide high fidelity wireframes" what do you mean? Through confluence? 3 or 4 attached images are one thing, but these scenarios may involve 30+ images with descriptions of what's going on. Surely an external reference that can be edited and added to is the better option for conveying these scenarios?

---

## [2014-04-15 09:47] eso

-	follow up w Marc on visual design for options
-	follow up w Paul
-	finish documenting inventory design
	-	what's holding you back with this?
		-	trying to compress behavior into easily digested speaking points
-	document player menu
-	document character creation
-	document skills

---

## [2014-04-15 14:49] eso

came across this gem. Its innacurate, but was my entry point into the navigational scheme I'm designing. Would be great to critique and correct this to my current state of knowing

NESTED MULTISELECTION
(this is what I was calling fluid navigation at tthe time)

the CURRENT ITEM can lead to a SCREEN or to another ITEM
the CURRENT ITEM can be OPENED/FOLLOWED by pressing CONFIRM or SCROLLING+
the CURRENT ITEM always has a NEXT ITEM
the CURRENT ITEM always has a PREVIOUS ITEM
the PREVIOUS item can lead to another ITEM or to the TOP MENU
the NEXT ITEM can lead to another ITEM or a SCREEN
when an ITEM leads to itself it ends the chain in that direction

summarized:
items can be arranged in chains
the items at the beginning and end of a chain are its endpoints
one of the items in the chain is always the current item
the current item always leads to another item, screen or menu.
the current item defines a previous item
the current item defines a next item
the current item can be followed by pressing confirm or scrolling+/-

---

## [2014-04-15 14:50] eso

working on inventory documentation. I think I've figured out the content issues
will provide the full collection of wireframes that were handed off to Art
will provide reference to detailed use cases on \\hvault
	-	will create annotated powerpoint doc with use cases I've previously solved

---

## [2014-04-15 14:52] eso

We're biting off too much at once with the chat system.
How can that design be built up from testable pieces?

---

## [2014-04-15 16:51] eso

completed inventory documentation confluence
still need to create scenario walkthrough

---

## [2014-04-15 16:51] eso

starting on Player Menu documentation

---

## [2014-04-15 17:11] eso

fleshing out documentation for Vertical List Framework. Same material IK handed off to Mark Reeves. Want to see how quickly I can create this.

---

## [2014-04-15 17:43] eso

completed vertical list framework confluence

---

## [2014-04-16 00:03] eso

completed player menu confluence

---

## [2014-04-16 00:28] eso

modified Console UI Table of Contents layout

---

## [2014-04-16 01:03] eso

updated widget framework with previous work

---

## [2014-04-16 10:39] eso

moving on to Skills documentation

-	Review Kurt's Loot pickup design
-	Review Marc's Character Select design
-	Check status: Testbed & Vertical List Mark Reeves
-	Meet w Matt Firor UI overview

-	Skills documentation
-	Character create documentation
-	Update Player Menu documentation to better convey flow
-	Create powerpoint doc w inventory use cases and link to Inventory docs
-	Item tooltip documentation
-	Ability tooltip documentation

x	send layout template to Brent as PSD
-	add Table of Contents link to all doc pages

---

## [2014-04-16 13:45] eso

doing some layout surgery to the Console User Interface TOC page

---

## [2014-04-16 15:04] eso

finished with modifications to TOC page
working on character skills design

---

## [2014-04-16 15:25] eso

definitions first
Skill Line
Skill Tree
Abilities
Skill points
Skyshards
Actionbar

---

## [2014-04-16 17:11] eso

have made a lot of progress in 1st pass of Skills doc. Need to flesh it out more. Specifically - for both this screen and for the inventory screen - the placement logic of tooltips needs to be discussed

-	The tooltip on the right always shows an item/ability that is
	-	currently being held
	-	currently focused

-	When a comparison in made, a tooltip is drawn on the left
	-	the item being evaluated is always on the left
	-	the item being held or selected is always on the right

---

## [2014-04-16 23:47] eso

good progress on the Skills documentation. have been able to utilize the scenario animations I'd previously created to support the static wireframes. I'd previously thought to do a PP doc with inventory states, buty am realizing I can probably do a similar technique on the inventory screen.

One thing is clear, I'll have the documentation completed by the end of the Sprint but will need to spend time this weekend editing for consistency and seeing if other pages need to emerge that generalize any functionality or paridgms I've repeated

---

## [2014-04-17 08:09] eso

when the time becomes available, take a look at the confluence home page as a guide for organizing the UI features in the table of contents. Each system gets its own page, allowing for a description of that system and containing all features related to that system. This makes the left hand side tree navigation more effective as the structure becomes hierarchichal rather than flat

---

## [2014-04-17 10:24] eso

spoke with Dan about vertical list use cases. Really want him on the COnsole team.
reviewing Kurts loot window design

---

## [2014-04-17 11:13] eso

reviewed Loot Window design and sent feedback

---

## [2014-04-17 12:57] eso

preparing work for meeting w Matt F
-	scope presentation
-	scenarios presentation to show motion
-	ESO systems spreadsheet
	-	use piviot table to show how tasks relate and what systems they belong to

---

## [2014-04-17 16:05] eso

meeting with Matt was fine. My questions regarding ship date aren't immeduiately answerable, but in speaking w my colleagues, it is widely believed this project can't reasonably ship until Spring 2015, and even that is considered a tight deadline

---

## [2014-04-17 16:07] eso

As I work on documentation, certain information is being repeated enough to warrant inclusion on unique pages, for example - a terminology page, a page describing design patterns. No need to push on that right now, will do so as an editing task once I've stood up all the documentation

---

## [2014-04-17 17:49] eso

completed skills screen documentation

---

## [2014-04-19 18:46] eso

modifying character create wireframes to accomodate parameter locking and randomization
working on character create confluence doc

---

## [2014-04-19 19:37] eso

finished character creation design

---

## [2014-04-19 20:09] eso

just realized I have been ommitting chararacter creation categories - ears, mouth & nose in current design templates. Modified the confluence design doc to include

---

## [2014-04-19 20:12] eso

experimenting w table of contents layout again to make it a bit more compact

---

## [2014-04-21 09:47] eso

working on item tooltip documentation

---

## [2014-04-21 10:48] eso

reviewing vertical list.
its not there yet.
the focused item is expanding the space after the list items transition to their new positions. This is reducing the perceived smoothness of the scroll.

When I set the following parameters:
Scroll Delay: 0.2
Scroll Speed: 1
Focus Offset: 0

I'm seeing a flash when the focused item switches to the larger font.
Can I see a version of this where the font size of focused item doesn't change?

---

## [2014-04-21 11:06] eso

preparing feedback for Mark R. Created AE project w list so I can visualize list behavior more clearly

---

## [2014-04-21 13:51] eso

finished 1 line case in AE
working on 2-lone case

---

## [2014-04-21 14:51] eso

Mark Reeves says that what I'm seeing in-game isn't current. Maybe the issues I was having have been fixed already? Getting latest again. Will check w Ryan if its not what I'm expecting

---

## [2014-04-21 14:52] eso

picking up work on tooltip doc again

---

## [2014-04-21 15:28] eso

fully scoped tooltip design will need a bit more research than I want to do at this moment. Deferring that until later to finalize the Widget framework doc. For the moment I'm collating tooltip examples into the tooltip design template

---

## [2014-04-21 16:10] eso

fleshed out tooltip design doc a bit further

Alchemy
Clothier
Consumables
Enchanting
Misc
Provisioning
Quest
Smithing

---

## [2014-04-22 10:17] eso

finializing widget documentation with animated states

---

## [2014-04-22 10:25] eso

its ridiculous investing time on thesese animated states.
static images are fine.

---

## [2014-04-22 11:13] eso

reviewing Mark's work on vertical list. is looking solid!

additions
-	for Inventory Scroll List, position nested list so that the icon of focused item in list1 aligns vertically with focused item in list 2
-	scroll speed accelerates during long continuous scroll
-	list exhibits "elastic" behavior when attempting to scroll beyond list limit (similar to scrolling pattern) on iPhone
-	Rename Menu Scroll list as Vertical List
-	Rename Inventory Scroll List as Nested Vertical List

-	can we add alpha mask to top and bottom of screen so list appears to fade out
-	add parameter to set list item count (2 to max)
-	for Nested Vertical List
	-	allow opening nested list by scrolling right w thumbstick
	-	allow closing nested list by scrolling left w thumbstick

testbed
-	modify layout of testbed presentation to match provided comp
-	remove/hide all extraneous detail
	-	fps & mem readouts
	-	any HUD elements

---

## [2014-04-22 18:12] eso

continuing work on widget framework doc

x	switch
x	slider
x	adder
x	stepper
x	mixer
x	call to action
x	picker
x	colorpicker
-	slot
-	checkbox

-	announcement
-	counter
-	hint
-	scrollbar
-	throbber
-	timer

-	announcement queue
-	hintbar
-	horizontal menu
-	progressbar
	-	left to right
	-	center to edge
	-	right to left
-	vertical menu

---

## [2014-04-23 09:54] eso

COLLABORATION
-	review Mark Reeves work
-	review Marc Hudgins work and determine next steps

PRESENTATION
x	who is the audience for tech presentation
	x	Nathan
	x	Dan
	x	Andy
	x	Chip
	x	Brent
	x	Matt P
	x	Katie

-	schedule presentation for Tuesday 4/2 in screening room to present

-	work on presentation strategy
	-	how much of the previous presentation can be used?
	-	what additional information should be communicated?
		-	updated feature priorities
		-	current state of development in testbed
		-	design constraints and solutions
		-	why not use existing UI?
			-	compare methods of doing so w game controller
		-	why not use IG UI?
			-	covered briefly already in Dominant presentation

CONTENT
-	transfer Marc's work on Character Select to FW
-	document character Select for Confluence
-	create high fidelity wireframes from Kurt's chat design
	-	is this design plausible?
		-	 if no, what would make it so?
-	create and annotate inventory usage scenarios in PP
-	create and annotate skills usage scenarios in PP
-	incorporate feature priorities into PP


INFRASTUCTURE
-	reprioritize all features in ESO_SYSTEMS spreadsheet

---

## [2014-04-23 10:44] eso

get started on inventory scenario building and referencing prior work

-	browse supplies

---

## [2014-04-23 11:26] eso

got a bit sidetracked. processing Marc's character select work so I can use Player Info component in Player Menu

---

## [2014-04-23 14:21] eso

working on character select layout

---

## [2014-04-23 15:27] eso

character select is going to need more attention than I can give it right now. However I've determined that it isn't plausible to use a single method of identifying players - the identification in the player menu and in the character select list (probably) needs to be styled differntly

---

## [2014-04-24 09:32] eso

spending some time tracking down MS & Sony controller icon artwork

---

## [2014-04-24 09:59] eso

uanable to find an official icon set at Sony Devnet. Developer support states:
"I don't believe we have line art for the buttons devnet, you may be able to get them from your respective SCEA Account Managers"

---

## [2014-04-24 13:55] eso

reviewing testbed project

TESTBED
-	see (attached gfx) for hintbar metrics

COMPONENTS

stepper/adder
-	check text size and positioning from PS4 screenshot
	-	am I seeing focused state?
		-	if so, text color needs to be white

Nested Vertical List
-	correct spelling "Veritcal" (lol)

sliders/stepper/adder/lists
-	need acceleration applied to these controls as follows
	-	I'd like for the acceleration to be such that if you push the thumbstick in a direction:
		-	the control moves 1 unit, or the list increments/decrements by 1 index
		-	then there's a short delay (the controller dead spot)
		-	then the control (or list) begins moving again
		-	continuing to hold the thumbstick causes the velocity to increase

-	to support the above, expose the following parameters
	-	scrollDeadSpa

-	color picker
	-	I will provide a treatment that indicates state of selected color swatch more explicitly

---

## [2014-04-24 16:48] eso

preparing feedback for Mark R to refine motion of lists & components
waiting for PS4 to finish install so I can screen capture

---

## [2014-04-24 22:05] eso

preparing feedback for Mark R. Updated widget doc

---

## [2014-04-24 23:54] eso

finished preparing feedback. With each iteration the feedback becomes more nuanced. Pleased at how the work is coming along, and especially cool to hear Mark's pride in the colorpicker control he built

---

## [2014-04-24 23:55] eso

transcribing some paper notes into presentation strategy doc

---

## [2014-04-25 11:08] eso

STRATEGY
-	flesh out and solidify presentation strategy
-	review existing presentation
	-	what's missing?
-	reprioritize ESO SYTSEMS spreadsheet

DESIGN
-	create high fidelity wireframes for loot pickup
-	create temp icons for controller config diagram
-	cleanup controller config diagram
	-	what is the value of including this?
		- it shows the complexity of the control scheme
		- it opens up discussion about how to map abilities to the ability bar

PRESENTATION
-	add loot pickup to inventory scenarios

REVIEWS
-	discuss visual design w Marc Hudgins
	-	Skills
	-	controller icons
x	follow up on testbed feedback w Mark R

---

## [2014-04-25 17:06] eso

spent time cleaning up colorpicker control -seleted & focused states. significantly better now. updating confluence

---

## [2014-04-25 17:54] eso

continuing to work on presentation strategy by preparing a script describing the issues I want to speak about.

---

## [2014-04-28 09:45] eso

starting new presentation doc "Technical". Move content there

---

## [2014-04-28 10:15] eso

created chapter headings for each section

---

## [2014-04-28 10:56] eso

keep getting hung up on picking the right "gamer" images. Searching again for console gamer images

---

## [2014-04-28 11:09] eso

no more images for that stuff plz, but found some good ones!

---

## [2014-04-28 12:47] eso

x	Splash
x	Why Did you change it?
-	How did you change it?
	-	add player menu anim gif
	-	add character creation anim gif
x	Testbed
-	Why not fix the existing Design?
-	How expensive is it?
-	What is the payoff?

---

## [2014-04-28 14:39] eso

working on inventory scenarios

---

## [2014-04-28 16:23] eso

still working on inventory. close to wrapping it up but also realizing i haven't thought through quickslot assignment fully. No point in correcting that oversight now (was about to check ESO-PC as reference)

---

## [2014-04-28 17:05] eso

reviewing new tesbed iteration
The scrolling behavior doesn't feel quite right
The rubberbanding effect is physically decoupled from the scrolling rate, so it feels odd (although can be set to 0)
I think that certainly there's enough there to make a good demo for tomorrow, but still needs a lot of work

---

## [2014-04-28 17:09] eso

adding loot pickup wireframes from Kurt's design

---

## [2014-04-28 17:40] eso

no. I'm not including that design at this time. It needs to be fleshed out further.

---

## [2014-04-28 17:41] eso

moving on to skills design

---

## [2014-04-28 18:30] eso

added skills design
need to show player menu anim and character creation anim

---

## [2014-04-28 22:22] eso

closing work session for presentation
-	review existing
-	add more
-	notes
-	edit

---

## [2014-04-29 01:45] eso

another hour to go. I've added a lot of material and need to go over the notes. The final part of presentation in Excel, where I need to reprioritize the features in ESO_SYSTEMS

---

## [2014-04-29 02:41] eso

done :)

---

## [2014-04-29 09:57] eso

reviewing presentation before printing notes and moving into Excel. Will also need to verify that its viewable in the conference room
x	check for new build
x	review presentation
x	print notes
-	Task reprioritization
-	presentation run through in conference room
-	update PS4 build in conference room

---

## [2014-04-29 11:20] eso

presentation is ready to go. printing notes

---

## [2014-04-29 12:08] eso

adding framework tasks to ESO SYSTEMS

---

## [2014-04-29 16:49] eso

presentation went well. Achieved goal of engineering buy-in, but left with more questions than answers.

---

## [2014-04-29 17:07] eso

preprioritizing tasks in ESO_SYSTEMS.
Will send this out to engineering tomorrow am

---

## [2014-04-30 10:23] eso

reprioritizing and fleshing out systems spreadsheet further

REVIEWS
x	review testbed
-	review Marc's visual design work on Skills

STRUCTURE
-	repriorizize & flesh out systems spreadsheet

COLLABORATE
-	send out systems spreadsheet to Eng/QA/Production
x	go over design with Nick (after 1p)
-	testbed feedback Mark R
-	visual design feedback Marc H
x	ask Jason to design standardized controller icons

---

## [2014-04-30 12:55] eso

updated overview presentation to show a use case for how legibility requirements affect direct conversion of the PC-UI

---

## [2014-04-30 15:34] eso

testbed feedback

HINT BAR
-	raise hints so they don't hug the bottom of the screen

NESTED VERTICAL LIST
-	Fix spelling of text label "Nested Veritcal List"
-	Questions about rubberbanding
	-	Can you couple the value of the rubberbanding parameter to the list rate of change?
	-	Upon releasing the thumbstick, I want the rubberbanding to snap back more quickly
-	Nested Vertical List component
	-	Its easy to spuriously open or close the nested list if not pushing exactly vertical on the thumbstick
		-	add functionality to prevent inadvertently triggering that state change
	-	The anchoring of the icon for wordwrapped icons shifts

SLIDER
	-	is moving very slowly with Default Step value = 1
	-	it moves appropriately when I set step value = 2
		- I am wondering how setting step value =2 will affect setting a continuous parameter, such as Age?

BACKGROUND
	-	make it cover the entire screen w 1920 x 1080 texture when toggled on

COLORPICKER
	-	not seeing updated component in this build

ADDER & STEPPER
	-	Font should be vertically centered between the brackets
	-	Using wrong font size for focused state
		-	should be colored white
		-	should use ZoFontConsole37

---

