# Raw Entries for October 2014

**Total Entries:** 180
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-10-01 09:44] eso

-	Review Marc H art pass on Character Select
-	Review Marc H art pass on Character Sheet
-	Skills screen design
	x	create Axure template
	-	update FW design
	-	post to confluence
-	Armor dyeing design review (Michael/Ken)
-	create panel anatomy doc
	-	post to confluence
-	Widget Design
	-	Currency Spinner
	-	Dropdown Menu (refine)
	-	collate design ideas discussed during mail design review
-	Settings screen modify layout
-	Audit Smithing/Crafting - layout is a mess
-	Cleanup Inventory design to reflect in-game usage

---

## [2014-10-01 10:28] eso

discussing header treatment w Marc

---

## [2014-10-01 13:58] eso

looking at scrolling tooltip work in progress w Chad in a moment

---

## [2014-10-01 14:53] eso

back in Axure working on skills prototype, adding paging of class skills when you're looking at a skill list

---

## [2014-10-01 16:49] eso

still in axure. the details.. but I think my core idea is being validated

---

## [2014-10-01 21:26] eso

axure prototype is modeling my skills design accurately now, at least terms of the navigation
x	create tooltip panel to be coupled w skill browser
-	create an activity for skill browser confirm step
	-	 add a value
-	create a list based version of nab1 similar to what is already being used
	-	Its desireable to show progress in all skill lines at once, or at least be able to see them all at once in a categorized vertical scroll

---

## [2014-10-01 23:48] eso

the prototype is working great, but is asking difficult questions. The header treatment I devised probably needs refinement to make showing skill line progression in a horizontal meny look reasonable. Perhaps this will solve or account for wordwrap/line-length issues? so exciting.

---

## [2014-10-02 10:52] eso

-	Skills screen design
	x	create Axure template
	-	update FW design
	-	post to confluence
x	Review Ken design emote UI v1
x	Review Michael mockup Guilds
	x	Guild Hub v3
	x	Guilds Home v3
	x	Guild Ranks v3
	x	Guild Roster v3
	x	Guild History v3
	x	Guild Heraldry v3
-	Discuss confluence docs for AVA w Jeremy. There are states (and possibly screens) described in the text that I'm not seeing in the images
-	Review Michael design exploration Armor Dyeing
-	Review Marc H art pass on Character Select
-	Review Marc H art pass on Character Sheet
-	Review Marc H art pass on quickslot radial menu
-	create panel anatomy doc
	-	needs to accomodate Smithing panels
	-	needs to accomodate Guild-style panels that have header information on the right hand sude as well
	-	needs to accomodate revised Skills screen
-	Widget Design
	-	Currency Spinner
	-	Dropdown Menu (refine)
-	Settings screen modify layout
-	Cleanup Inventory design to reflect in-game usage
-	(Bobby?) Audit Smithing/Crafting - layout is a mess

---

## [2014-10-02 11:00] eso

continuing work on Skills in Axure

---

## [2014-10-02 12:14] eso

finished building skill line vertical list in AX

---

## [2014-10-02 15:10] eso

New versions of Futura are in
FTN47.otf = Futura PT Cond Book = Futura Light Condensed
FTN57.otf =	Futura PT Cond Medium = Futura Medium Condensed
FTN87.otf = Futura PT Cond Bold = Futura Bold Condensed

---

## [2014-10-02 20:18] eso

back in axureland

---

## [2014-10-02 21:20] eso

grafting these two prototype approaches is proving simpler than expected. always the nagging feeling that this could be setup more efficiently, but what can you do?

---

## [2014-10-02 21:44] eso

well only got so far. will have to take this project apart and put it back together again to make it work as expected

---

## [2014-10-02 21:51] eso

or hack it. getting some mileage on that...
Shit just got organic, but that's OK - Ive gained enough knowledge here to know what to do in FW template. The rest of this is to validate the idea, make sure it feels right and have it available for presentation

---

## [2014-10-02 22:27] eso

looking through AVA stuff on cConfluence. Not parsing the text at all. Feels like there are missing states. Need tro go over this w Jeremy.

---

## [2014-10-02 23:06] eso

hacking it together.

---

## [2014-10-02 23:52] eso

more or less at the stage where I was last night. Have grafted vertical list to this structure instead of the previous approach. It all seems like a plausible design. There's a lot of cleanup to do here before I can truly feel the interaction, but all quite promising. Interesting design

---

## [2014-10-03 08:48] eso

did some cleanup to axure projecty, removed chaff. Less well formed than it used to be, and could probably spend sopme time doing cleanup, but is not a final thing. My goal today is to
-	make the interactions that are working for the "Class" category, work for all categories
-	make horizontal nav move across all categories, not just the current skill line
-	add an activity to individual skills (it just needs to be a goal that user can accomplish after navigating to individual skill)
	-	purchase dialog?
	-	increment counter of some kind?

---

## [2014-10-03 09:48] eso

looking through implemented AVA flow as background reference for conversation w Jeremy later

---

## [2014-10-03 09:51] eso

updating BVT

---

## [2014-10-03 09:51] eso

back in Axureland

---

## [2014-10-03 13:36] eso

had to uninstall then reinstall BVT

---

## [2014-10-03 15:29] eso

working out details horizontal scroll across all skill lines, with pagination readout

---

## [2014-10-03 16:57] eso

getting the paging across categories working, but its such a hack. There must be an easier way?

---

## [2014-10-03 17:24] eso

not an obviously easier way to do the paging, but hacking it wasn't too difficult either. The R1 button paging is working now.

---

## [2014-10-03 17:39] eso

paging system is somewhat functional. noticing that the order gets fucked up sometimes. probably simple fx

---

## [2014-10-03 22:59] eso

emergent design from prototype - turns out it feels better, and is perhaps just more polite to carry over the skill tree name when looking at individual skills inside of skill lines.
Placing that text in the tooltip seems pretty effective. Potentially it could be attached to the nav1 header as well?

---

## [2014-10-03 23:07] eso

interesting. carrying ove rthe skill line into the nav1 header doesn't seem to work as well as placing it in the tooltip. Is possible that I'm getting a flase impression as the only activity currently supported is browsing. Need to add an activity that can be performed and monitored on individual skills...

---

## [2014-10-04 17:52] eso

refining ax prototype headers

---

## [2014-10-04 18:56] eso

header cleanup adds significantly to context and sense of purpose. It feels like a thing now. Adding an activity to individual skills - but what? simmply picked/unpicked?

---

## [2014-10-05 16:34] eso

x	add level info to skill line headers
x	add proxy skill assignment UI panel
x	add proxy skill configure slots UI panel
x	add (Y) interaction to go to configure slot UI from anywhere
x	add (X) interaction to go to skill assignment from skill view
x	cleanup hint bar to capture required states

---

## [2014-10-05 22:59] eso

ax prototype is fairly comlete ready to show tomorrow

---

## [2014-10-06 09:56] eso

-	Skills screen design
	x	create Axure template
		-	create upgrade skill dialog panel
		-	add interaction to increment any focused skill name on confirm
			-	decrements available skill points readout
			-	brings up the upgrade skill dialog
		-	add interaction (R3) to add more skill points
			-	show R3 hint in lower right when skillpoints = 0
	-	discuss prototype w Nick
	x	discuss prototype w Jason K
	-	update FW design
		-	include assigned state in skill view (show keybind icon?)
-	Settings screen modify layout
	-	discuss w Jason K
-	Show Chip the game running w new fonts
	-	show him before/after screenshots
-	Discuss confluence docs for AVA w Jeremy. There are states (and possibly screens) described in the text that I'm not seeing in the images
-	Review Ken design emote UI v2
x	Waiting for revisions to Guild screens (Michael/Marc)
	-	Guild Hub v3
	-	Guilds Home v3
	-	Guild Ranks v3
	-	Guild Roster v3
	-	Guild History v3
	-	Guild Heraldry v3
-	Review Michael design exploration Armor Dyeing
-	Review Marc H art pass on Character Select
-	Review Marc H art pass on Character Sheet
-	Review Marc H art pass on quickslot radial menu
-	create panel anatomy doc
	-	needs to accomodate Smithing panels
	-	needs to accomodate Guild-style panels that have header information on the right hand sude as well
	-	needs to accomodate revised Skills screen
-	Widget Design
	-	Currency Spinner
	-	Dropdown Menu (refine)
-	Cleanup Inventory design to reflect in-game usage
-	(Bobby?) Audit Smithing/Crafting - layout is a mess

---

## [2014-10-06 11:03] eso

discussed skills prototype w Bobby, he brought up a great point about showingthe skill assignment state in the skill list. then looked over his work on Character Sheet

---

## [2014-10-06 13:34] eso

spoke w Jeremy abouyt AVA design page and cleared up some issues with it
I need to:
-	update currency request dialog (because it looks dumb)
-	update text in the Confluence doc so that the conditional branching to the various dialogs is more explicit (turn the doc into a scenario description)
	-	ask Jeremy to fill in blanks with specific gfx

Jeremy is moving on to Guiild Stor/Bank designs and needs direction on how to handle item lists that incorporate timers
-	mockup list pattern for reference

---

## [2014-10-06 14:46] eso

Jesus fucking christ it never ends, drifting further and further away from my known list of tasks. Anyway... Reviewing mockups for Guld Bank & Guild Store. Maybe I'd previously approved them? If so I was wrong. The dsigns are wrong. I'm going through, formatting the list appropriately for different use cases, and calling out the various states I need represented in confluence

-	Guild Bank
	-	Deposit Tab
		-	deposit funds dialog
	-	Withdraw Tab
	-	Error messaging
		-	no permission to deposit items inthe guild bank

-	Guild Store
	-	Sell
	-	Buy
	-	Change Guild Screen
	-	Purchase confirmation dialog
	-	Sell confirm dialog
	-	Error Messaging
		-	Item Sold

-	Hire Guild Trader dialog
-	Bid on Guild trader dialog
-	Hire Guild trader Error messaging

---

## [2014-10-06 15:56] eso

setup visual design discussion w Marc H to go thru his backlog and discuss emerging issues

---

## [2014-10-06 17:34] eso

waiting for webex w Jeremy & Michael to discuss guild commerce screens

---

## [2014-10-06 19:01] eso

finished hashing out design goals and layout updates over webex w Jeremy & Michael

---

## [2014-10-06 21:25] eso

working on settings screen layout

AUDIO
Master Volume
Ambience Volume
Effects Volume
Interface Volume
Dialogue Volume
Footsteps Volume

VIDEO
Brightness

CAMERA
Field of View
Head Bob
Invert Y (checkbox)
Camera sensitivity

INTERFACE
ABILITY BAR (spinner: Automatic/Something/Something)
Quest tracker (checkbox)
Healthbars (checkbox)

GAMEPLAY
Templates (spinner: Default/something/something)
Vibration (checkbox)
Battle Level (checkbox)
Hide Helmet (checkbox)
Auto Loot (checkbox)
Auto Loot Stolen Items (checkbox)
Tutorials (checkbos)

---

## [2014-10-06 23:29] eso

completed settings screen layout

---

## [2014-10-07 13:13] eso

x	meet w Marc H about art standardization pass backlog
	x	Character Select
	x	Character Sheet
	x	Quickslots Radial Menu
	x	Journal
	x	Hintbar
	x	discuss meter gfx. Its too big (tall)

-	discuss armor dyeing w Michael at 5p
-	cleanup AX Skills prototype for show & tell
-	discuss Skills design w Nick
-	check in on Jason's progress w settings

---

## [2014-10-07 15:19] eso

back in axureland

-	Review Michael design exploration Armor Dyeing
-	Skills screen design
	x	create Axure template
		x	create upgrade skill dialog panel
		-	add interaction to increment any focused skill name on confirm
			-	decrements available skill points readout
			-	brings up the upgrade skill dialog
		-	add interaction (R3) to add more skill points
			-	show R3 hint in lower right when skillpoints = 0
	-	discuss prototype w Nick
	x	discuss prototype w Jason K
	-	update FW design
		-	include assigned state in skill view (show keybind icon?)
-	create panel anatomy doc
	-	needs to accomodate Smithing panels
	-	needs to accomodate Guild-style panels that have header information on the right hand side as well
	-	needs to accomodate revised Skills screen
-	Widget Design
	-	Currency Spinner
	-	Dropdown Menu (refine)
-	Cleanup Inventory design to reflect in-game usage
-	(Bobby?) Audit Smithing/Crafting - layout is a mess

---

## [2014-10-07 17:49] eso

Dye
Dye All
Clear Color
Copy

---

## [2014-10-07 18:43] eso

radial soulution devised by Michael & I is winning. He's going to create step by step scenarios for Dye and Dye all, and we will discuss again tomorrow

---

## [2014-10-07 20:10] eso

back in AX
the idea I implemented where paging horizontally moves you through all the skill lines is well-intentioned, and possibly correct, but I got to thinking about how would the pagination control on the L1R1 menu look if all possible skill lines were available?

There would be 24 possible pages at this time, and looking at a ;icture of that layout in AX seems like a pretty dense array of stuff - enough so that its visual clutter even when scaled down. Perhaps it could be made to work.

More from a UX perspective however. Skills are collected in Skill lines for a reason. Everything in a skill line is related, and in practice, not every skill needs to be treated as random access. They're clustered together.

The paging navighation is a good idea - it allows exploration in depth, and perhaps also in a cluster.

-	revert prototype back to scheme where the only paging that happens is within a skill line, rather than across all skill lines (as a comparisoon)

---

## [2014-10-07 20:47] eso

finished purchase upgrade flow

---

## [2014-10-07 22:16] eso

I have paging navigation restricted to skill lines, rather than the full skill matrix.

I feel this navigation provides a good overview of a skill line - how the various skills are related and how they are different. Crafting skills for example. When you only have a single skill point to spend, you want to make sure you're spending it wisely - wisdom is gained by knowing the relative advantages and disadvantages the various skill lines. Why should I purt a point intoProvisioniung rather than Enchanting for example? It may be that a passive ability for one of these skill lines  provides a meaningful benefit. Having to dive in and out of various skill line sto gain this information disconnects me from the bigger picture.

---

## [2014-10-07 22:22] eso

wondering if its reasonably simple to increment skill name labels when they are "upgraded" on confirm

---

## [2014-10-07 23:10] eso

"upgrading" skills is working - seems like a total hack, there's probably a much more efficient way to do this - wonder what it is

---

## [2014-10-07 23:43] eso

less certain of the value of horizontal navigation within a skill list. Need to get this in front of some people tomorrow.

---

## [2014-10-08 11:49] eso

complete purchase interactions in AX
x	class skills
x	weapon skills
x	armor skills

---

## [2014-10-08 11:50] eso

need to discuss updates to contacts w Ken
x	review existing implementation first

---

## [2014-10-08 13:13] eso

WEAPON
-	cleave
-	critical charge
-	uppercut

-	puncture
-	low slash
-	defensive posture

-	twin slashes
-	flurry
-	whirlwind

ARMOR
-	annulment

-	evasion

-	immovable

---

## [2014-10-08 15:08] eso

x	copy ax prototype from home pagee to pag1,page2, page3
-	create variations on each page for show & tell
	x	page 1
		x	no L1/R1 nav
	x	page 2
		x	L1/R1 nav across entire matrix
	-	page 3
		-	L1/R1 nav across skill line

---

## [2014-10-08 16:01] eso

some last minute refinement before show and tell of the skills prototype

---

## [2014-10-08 18:17] eso

Did not bother showing Nick the L1/R1 Nav versions, because I knew he'd hatye it, and also because I'm not so certain of its utility either. Why did I even bother doing that work? God I suck.

---

## [2014-10-09 11:03] eso

spending the day in cone of silence. working on skills and quickslots
-	mockup skill tooltip idea discussed w Nick
-	reconsider quickslot assignment
-	create radial menu in AX?

---

## [2014-10-09 13:00] eso

upcoming research
-	take a look at some of the existing addons for crafting to determine next steps for the UI
	-	Sous Chef
	-	Research Assistant

---

## [2014-10-09 13:00] eso

sketching out the contexts ("mental models) maintained for skill usage & assignment as discussed w Thea earlier this am

---

## [2014-10-09 15:28] eso

refining layout of skills screen template

---

## [2014-10-09 15:57] eso

still waiting to sinbk deeply into the task. attention fragmenting

---

## [2014-10-10 00:07] eso

I've made interesting progress on the skills design. A significantly richer presentation, one full of interesting possibilities, especially a fresh approach to assignment. Now that a representation of the gamecontroller is being shown, switching into an "options" mode to manipulate the representation seems like a natural outcome of the design

---

## [2014-10-10 13:27] eso

preparing work in progress to send out for feedback

---

## [2014-10-10 14:09] eso

sent out work in progress for feedback from Nick, Chris, Jason W, Jason K, Marc H

---

## [2014-10-10 18:02] eso

good feedback from the workgroup regarding the skills layouts I'd sent out. sounds like in general the game controller configuration isn't considered necessary. I am not sure ifg it is or not, only that there's pretty minimal identifiation provided for button assignment otherwise.

The fallback position then may simply be to show button assignments on the "skill tooltip"?

Take a look at the actionbar designs that Jason posted. How can these be integrated into the skill screen?

---

## [2014-10-11 14:39] eso

looking at skills again
-	review the actionbar designs jason posted
x	categorize and collate posted design feeback to inform this next iteration
-	review skill usage ingame

FEEDBACK
GAMEPAD REPRESENTATION VS ACTIONBAR REPRESENTATION
-	I find the controller image unnecessary. It is large and dominates the pertinent information: what ability is mapped to what control. I would rather see it however it will ultimately look on the HUD

-	I think the gamepad on the right is a little overkill.  Gamers are smart, they can juggle a total of 6 abilities and their relation to each other on the gamepad in their head at once.  Also the new ActionBar layouts will help keep this clearer too in theory.

-	there is no guarantee X,Y,B,RB,LB and RB+LB are going to be mapped to abilities. if they have to dynamically position themselves based on whatever control schemes we decide to ship with it’s gonna be a nightmare.


I LIKE THAT WE REPRESENT ASSIGNED SKILLS
- 	Does it make sense to indicate if an ability is currently equipped using the language use in other Windows (the check)
-	the display of ability states (highlighting the skill line and individual skills for example) is a nice touch.


ASSIGNMENT UI
-	I also appreciate noting the morph state on the assigned abilities. This shortcuts things for me nicely. Can I act on the morph state attached to the assignment UI? If I see an ability on the right that is noted as being morphable, I would want to quickly locate it In the main menu so I could act on that information.

-	how do I manipulate the assignment UI to move abilities from slot to slot?

SKILL LINE TOOLTIP
-	I do like the skill line and ability tooltip.  I assume this menu will inherit the standard look meaning the tooltip will be smaller and grayer than the main panel so when you dive into it there will be a notable difference inherently.

-	 I like the idea of a skill “tooltip” as you have in the second panel.  It seems like it will fit.  I would recommend making the tooltip have a slightly different look than the panel does when I dive into the skill to spend points (maybe the background color?

-	I feel pretty strongly that the assignment layout should match the action bar HUD layout, or else I’ll need to hold two different representations of it in my head

-	I often switch skills right before a battle, so having my entire screen blocked would be a undesirable hit to my situational awareness.  I think having the second tooltip panel is fine though.

---

## [2014-10-11 14:54] eso

The scenario I keep returning to involves auto assignment of skills upon purchase. Perhaps I just finished the tutorial and gained a skill point. Upon purchase of the skill it is auto-assigned to the Ability 1 slot. Without visibility of the slot s, I won't know where its been. Yet, the representation of skill we use currently does show this information. The real problem with that to me has always been that I had to scroll to the ability bar representation and select it like a button to put myself in a state where I could assign skills directly. (a double confirmation)

Surely, that system can work more fluidly?

---

## [2014-10-12 13:34] eso

grabbing Jason's actionbar files
not seeing any designs here that are obviously superieor to the linear array we're already using.

---

## [2014-10-12 13:41] eso

- actionbar UI should retain fixed position during vertical scroll, however it is possible to scroll up to it

-	slots are directly selectable from actionbar UI without transition to another panel

-	when assigning a skill to the action bar (from the skill view, I only need to be able to act upon the skill I selected.)

-	It us useful to be able scroll abross the width of the skill matrix (from within a skill view)

---

## [2014-10-12 14:28] eso

two ways of accessing the actionbar
-	scroll up to it from any view
-	assign a skill to it from a skill view

---

## [2014-10-12 15:42] eso

moving between working out layout & flow in FW and validating the veel in ax. a new method!. This revised approach I devised for skills is seeming more plausible and not a departure from what we already use, but instead a refinement

---

## [2014-10-12 15:54] eso

x	create a skill purchase scenario
	x	nothing assigned to Ability matrix
	x	purchased skill autoassigned to Ability 1
	x	scroll back to Ability matrix to view assigned skill details

-	create a scenario for assign skill from Ability Bar
-	create a scenario for assign current skill

---

## [2014-10-13 10:39] eso

working on assign from ability bar scenario. it occured to nme that I can segment the ability bar interactions in AX for more flexibility in the layout tester

---

## [2014-10-13 10:55] eso

-	create a scenario for assign skill from Ability Bar
	-	ability slot empty, gets filled by selection
	-	ability slot occupied, gets replaced by selection
-	create a scenario for assign current skill

---

## [2014-10-13 11:24] eso

AX project is setup now to seperate actionbar logic for nav1 & nav2

x	question: what happens if I press the back button while in the NAV2 action bar?
	x	I assume I go back to wherever I previously was in NAV1?

---

## [2014-10-13 11:27] eso

x	add NAV1 earthen heart focus state to flesh out prototype futher

---

## [2014-10-13 11:40] eso

-	take a look at what the hint bar is doing and normalize that across all states in the prototype

---

## [2014-10-13 12:52] eso

What do you feel is the biggest block to your creativity?
Stefan: Boredom, uninteresting content and fear of not being able to come up with anything.()d

---

## [2014-10-13 13:46] eso

-	5p design review 5p w Michael
	-	Contacts screen
	-	Maps (does not include Keep Upgrade Window)
-	530p design review w Jeremy (revisions)
	-	Guild Bank
	-	Guild Store
	-	Trading

---

## [2014-10-13 14:42] eso

adding scenario for skill assign from nav1 ability bar

---

## [2014-10-13 14:58] eso

visual tweaking to selected ability state when dropdown is opeened

---

## [2014-10-13 15:10] eso

AX visualizer is starting to get a bit cumbersome. Break it out into specific scenarios to avoid mixups with various states, and to ease show and tell

---

## [2014-10-13 16:39] eso

walked Chris through prototype work in oprogress. He seemed pleased with what I showed. I thibnk its a good direction.

---

## [2014-10-13 16:53] eso

x	autoassign purchased skill
-	assign from ability slot (empty)
-	assign from ability slot (occupied)
-	assign skill to ability bar (empty)
-	assign skill to ability bar (occupied)
-	morph skill

---

## [2014-10-13 17:03] eso

meeting w Michael at zindagi

---

## [2014-10-13 18:51] eso

still chatting w Zindagi - Jeremy
Guild Store, Guild Bank, etc...

---

## [2014-10-13 20:58] eso

x	autoassign purchased skill
-	assign skill from ability slot (empty)
-	assign from ability slot (occupied)
-	assign skill to ability bar (empty)
-	assign skill to ability bar (occupied)
-	assign multiple skills to actionbar
	-	use case shows horizontal navigation while dropdown is open
-	morph skill

---

## [2014-10-14 00:01] eso

have made good progress seperating the ax project into seperate scenarios, and updated assets and so forth to support that.

Working on assign from occupied ability slot scenario next. Should not take long to set this up in FW

---

## [2014-10-14 10:07] eso

Incorporating ideas for weapon swapping within skills (to access the different ability bars). Its a tricky situation. The desire is to allow weapon swapping as done in game using DPAD-L to continue to behave similarly within the skills screen. No problem doing so when within a vertical list, but gets difficult when withing the ability Bar UI, which is navigated L/R. I've got a solution in mind...

---

## [2014-10-14 10:13] eso

-	change ultimate ability to hexagon, so abilities can be grouped more closely

---

## [2014-10-14 10:44] eso

walked through the permutations and consequences of the ability bar nav swith idea I had. Its interesting and worth prototyping (later). For initial implementation however, it is ok to state that pressing (Y) swaps ability bars.

---

## [2014-10-14 11:06] eso

modifying layout of panel header to open up room for labeled ability bar

---

## [2014-10-14 12:45] eso

modifying panel headr and actionbar layout across all states

---

## [2014-10-14 13:43] eso

x	revise auto assign scenario
x	revise bind from abilitybar scenario
-	add bind to occupied slot to bind from abilitybar scenario

---

## [2014-10-14 15:08] eso

after some cleanup and thought about weapon swapping, I'm back to where I was last night

---

## [2014-10-14 15:10] eso

-	5p discuss skills design w Nick
-	530p discuss armor dyeing w Michael

---

## [2014-10-14 22:36] eso

continuing to work on assign from action bar scenario

---

## [2014-10-14 23:55] eso

completed assign from actionbar scenario needs refinement. Providing an affordance for the dropdown seems likely

---

## [2014-10-15 10:15] eso

Have worked out a scheme for assign a skill to an ability slot.

---

## [2014-10-15 10:23] eso

-	add confirm state to bind from ability when the ability has already been bound (closes dropdown)

---

## [2014-10-15 11:46] eso

basic idea for skill assignment is solid. working out the details

---

## [2014-10-15 17:18] eso

show a locked state for all items that can't be assigned in the scenario you're building

---

## [2014-10-15 22:18] eso

need to show assigning another skill to occupied abilitybar slot

---

## [2014-10-15 23:03] eso

create "assign existing" case

---

## [2014-10-15 23:27] eso

create "assign spiked armnor" case

---

## [2014-10-16 11:13] eso

reviewed Skills work in progress w Jason & Nick. They're both into it


-	finishing skill assignment
-	add hint icons to all scenarios
-	create morph scenario
-	create actionbar swapping scenario
-	post to confluence

---

## [2014-10-16 12:54] eso

working on empty tooltip design for Inventory to hand off to Jason K

---

## [2014-10-16 14:25] eso

working on confluence documentation
-	Skill Line Browser
	-	show morph iconography
	-	show purchase iconography
	-	show new icon
	-	show locked icon

-	Ability Tooltips
	-	show activity states in tooltip text
	-	Locked
		-	(red) Unlocked at Ardent Flame Level 12
	-	Available and have skill points
		-	(green) Requires 1 Skill Point
	-	Available and lack skill points
		-	(red) Requires 1 Skill Point

---

## [2014-10-16 14:54] eso

researching skill progression states. nmaking sure I capture everything

---

## [2014-10-16 15:53] eso

realizing that we don't need to see a "new" state attached to skill lines - any available activities are already signified by iconography

---

## [2014-10-17 11:19] eso

taking a second look at panel metrics. I'm not really liking the slight asymmetry in the existing panel layouts and want to see if there's an opportunity for refinement here now that we're standardizing our templates and so forth

---

## [2014-10-17 14:08] eso

adding stub pages w existing content for Guild Screen, Guild Commerce and Trading to COnfluence for Zindagi to populate further

---

## [2014-10-19 18:20] eso

have been documenting Skills all afternoon
x	Swap Abilitybar
x	Morph Dialog
	x	create scenario

x	Confluence editorial

---

## [2014-10-19 21:29] eso

completed skills design & documentation

---

## [2014-10-20 10:30] eso

having done the heavy lifting on Skills, what's next
-	P1	handoff design for visual refinement
	-	dropdown list
	-	actionbar
	-	gamepad binding iconography

-	P1	panel standardization for Zindagi
	-	P2	work w Marc H on this
	-	P1	explore and refine overall panel layouts & metrics
		-	P1 Layout Skills design conform to new grid
		-	P1	Layout Inventory design conform to new grid
	x	P1	Make a list of layout patterns used by all game screens


-	Design docs
	-	P2	Panel header standards
	-	P2	Hintbar
	-	P3	cleanup inventory design to match current
	-	P2currency widget
	-	P2	dropdown menu mattern

-	typography standardization
	-	P2	measure new fonts in game on TV
	-	P1	request Visual Studio install
	-	P2	ask Jason K for help setting up local build so I can edit text metrics in game

-	Visual Design review
	-	Confluence
		-	P1	review Guild Bank UI Flow
		-	P1	Player to Player Trading
	-	In-Game
		-	P3	Vendor Inventory (in-game)
			-	P3	update design to use currency widget
			-	P3	update item counter widget

-	Prototyping
	-	P1	create radial menu in Axure
	-	P2	create Armor Dyeing prototype in Ax

---

## [2014-10-20 10:46] eso

Looking at the vendor inventory design on Confluence, at the previous "light/diminished" panel tratment there looks a lot better to me than using the same panel for everything.


VISUAL DESIGN NOTES
At the very least, the nav2 panel looks best when it is brighter than the nav1 panel

The vertical rails have a rounded/beveled appearance. They should be flat instead

the horizontal rails have a rounded/beveled appearance. They should be flat.

the horizontal rails fade out to quickly. They should not fade out to 0% opacity, and the edges should appear closer to the edge of the panels

The vertical list needs to signify the focused item more explicitly. Need an additional visual cue to show focus

---

## [2014-10-20 12:45] eso

doing several things at once, need to focus on one
-	modify skills screen to use wider metrics and hand off to Marc for further exploration
-	add revision commentary to Guild Commerce Designs
-	add revision commentary to Player Trading designs

---

## [2014-10-20 14:21] eso

working on normalizing 3 panel layout metrics. Meauring stuff

---

## [2014-10-20 16:16] eso

figured out modified grid, applying it to skills design to validate

TODO
-	P2 finish reviewing Guild Bank Design
-	P2 review Player to Player Trading design
-	P1 post grid system to Confluence
-	P1 update skills template to use new grid

---

## [2014-10-20 19:54] eso

x	panels 3-up
x	panels 2-up
x	tooltip placement
	x	skills
	x	inventory
x	panels doublewide
x	panels fullscreen
x	panels map
x	panels charactercreate
-	panel headers
	-	nav1 header
		-	title
		-	L1/R1 NAV
-	vertical list placement
-	panels loot window
-	panels conversation window
-	panels trade
-	panels guild commerce
-	panels for crafting
	-	alchemy
	-	enchanting
	-	provisioning
	-	smithing

---

## [2014-10-20 20:05] eso

got distracted - refined tooltip placement and choreography for Skills design

---

## [2014-10-20 22:11] eso

continuing to valid new grids w Skills design. I've got an interesting version going where all of the panels are the same that is a good candidate for final

---

## [2014-10-21 00:32] eso

finished conforming basic skill design to new grid. Its a cleaner layout, noticeably so when A/B testing with the old grid

---

## [2014-10-21 14:42] eso

have communicated my intent to adjust the layout grid and shown examples to people here at ZOS and at Zindagi. Moving forward with creating documentation

---

## [2014-10-21 20:38] eso

continuing work on panel standardization. Describing tooltip placement. Need to revisit Item tooltip

---

## [2014-10-21 23:33] eso

continuing work on tooltip placement and choreography for skills and inventory.

---

## [2014-10-22 10:57] eso

include use case for tooltip placement in standardization doc

---

## [2014-10-22 11:09] eso

getting visual studio/p4 setup to enable local build on my machine w Jason K's help
-	install dev client for today's playtest

---

## [2014-10-22 14:11] eso

not caring much about the playtest. Its running in the bkg. Environments look fantastic. No idea what I'm supposed to do, and other stuff to do

---

## [2014-10-22 14:53] eso

refined item tooltip layourt further, will document these cases:
x	Equipped 2-up
	x	show bound and stolen items
x	Comparison
	x	compare simple with bound and stolen
x	Post to confluence

---

## [2014-10-22 15:38] eso

refined ability tooltip layout further, will document these cases
x	ability with progression bar (because its assigned to the actionbar)
x	comparison
x	post to confluence

---

## [2014-10-22 17:40] eso

Tonight's work session
-	update skills design on confluence to use new layout metrics
-	begin refactoring inventory design
-	update tooltip design doc in confluence
	-	include empty tooltip use case for abilities & items
	-	specify that progression is now shown for all skills - not just the assigned ones

---

## [2014-10-23 13:59] eso

updating skills confluence page. figuringout how to show empty ability tooltip

---

## [2014-10-23 14:22] eso

solved empty ability tooltip, updated layout guide

---

## [2014-10-23 14:34] eso

continued tweaks to skills design to accomodate new grid

---

## [2014-10-23 14:41] eso

continuing to update skills docs
x	Purchase Skill
-	Morph Dialog
-	Assign to Actionbar
-	Assign from Actionbar
-	Swap Actionbars
-	Iconography

---

## [2014-10-23 15:42] eso

ran into some confusion editing skills design where I wasn't sure how to layout he vertical list, so I'm creating a specification for that and adding tolayout guide

---

## [2014-10-23 16:11] eso

posting vertical list layout

---

## [2014-10-23 17:59] eso

finished updating skill purchase scenario

---

## [2014-10-24 00:19] eso

finished updating skills design doc

---

## [2014-10-24 10:31] eso

-	check w IT regarding status of:
	-	Incredibuild
	-	TV display
-	check w Marc on what he's working on for Smithing Improvement
-	update inventory design
	-	consider ax prototype to validate using a preview pattern like that designed for skills

---

## [2014-10-24 13:32] eso

updating inventory design
-	view categories
-	view slots
	-	slot behavior. when opeening an equipped slot, item list should default focus to equipped item
-	view items
-	equip items
-	destroy item
	-	need mechanism for mark as jumk
	-	need actions to destroy junk
	-	need face button in item list to destroy immediately
-	iconography
	-	stolen
	-	new
	-	equipped
	-	equipped alternate
	-	empty equipment slot
	-	equipment slot icons (used in tooltips)
-	tooltips
	-	default
	-	comparison
	-	equipped
-	Options Menu
	-	Repair
	-	Charge
	-	Split Stack
	...

---

## [2014-10-24 13:59] eso

figuring out what to include in the fw & confluence docs

Inventory Menu

SUPPLIES
MATERIALS
QUEST
JUNK
QUICKSLOT

EQUIPMENT
-	MAIN HAND
-	OFF HAND
-	MAIN HAND BACKUP
-	OFF HAND BACKUP
-	HEAD
-	CHEST
-	SHOULDERS
-	WAIST
-	LEGS
-	FEET
-	NECK
-	RING 1
-	RING 2

---

## [2014-10-24 15:46] eso

new design thinking - how does a junk category work?
-	can I equip junk items? Yes, but not from the junk category.Items that are marked as Junk are given a "junk" flag and appear in category and slot lists as normal.

-	what happens if I equip a junk item?
	-	doing so clears the junk flag

-	what can I do from within the Junk category?
	-	Destroy All Junk
	- 	Unmark All Junk
	-	Destroy individual items
	-	Unmark individual items

---

## [2014-10-25 08:24] eso

I just skipped the tutorial with a new character and I woke uip in some room. what am I wearing?

Game jumps immediately to inventory screen - what do I see?
inventory list should focus on 1st occupied equipment slot (chest)

I can see the main hand & off hand slots, but theyre empty _ when i scroll up to them I see that :nothing's equipped"

*	instead, show editorial text "Eqwuip an item"
**	instead, show a preview list of items

-	need to explicitly specify behavior for off hand
	-	equip
	-	compare
	-	restrict items that can be equipped

What can be placed ib the off hand slot?
-	shield
-	2 handed weapon (occupies 2 slots)

---

## [2014-10-25 10:30] eso

Tooltip States

NON-EQUIPPED
EQUIPPED
EQUIPPED MAIN HAND
EQUIPPED OFF HAND
EQUIPPED TWO HANDED
EMPTY SLOT

---

## [2014-10-25 12:15] eso

Axe
Bow
Dagger
Mace 1 handed
Mace 2 handed
Staff
Sword 1 handed
Sword 2 handed

---

## [2014-10-25 16:29] eso

I'd like to minimize the number of graphics I produce and present. Don't want to include pictures of each equipment comparison scenario. Can use spreadsheet matrix instead?

---

## [2014-10-26 10:19] eso

continuing work on inventory update
-	Inventory Menu
-	Item Menu

---

## [2014-10-26 10:55] eso

playing the bvt build. interesting to see how much more is fleshed out than I'd assumed :). The L1/R1 nav feel sorta awkward. Can this be replaced in all cases by scrolling L/R w the LS or DPAD?

---

## [2014-10-26 15:16] eso

Item Options

Default Options
-	Destroy
-	Mark as Junk
-	Link in CHat
-	Help

Stackable Items
-	Split Stack

Weapons
-	Repair
-	Charge
-	Enchant

---

## [2014-10-26 16:17] eso

Current Features
-	Quickslot UI
-	Repair Item UI
x	Enchant Item UI
-	Charge Item UI
-	Split Stack UI

New Features
-	Mark as Junk

---

## [2014-10-26 16:17] eso

Cleanup Inventory Features
-	Quickslot UI
x	Repair Item UI
x	Enchant Item UI
x	Charge Item UI
x	Split Stack UI

New Inventory Features
-	Mark as Junk

Documentation
-	update gridsystem doc to include dialog placement reference
-	post updated dialog framework gfx to confluence
-	add inventory gfx to confluence doc

---

## [2014-10-26 18:27] eso

revised design for enchant items

---

## [2014-10-27 10:12] eso

patching BVT for implemented reference of remaining iventory item options

---

## [2014-10-27 16:07] eso

have been cleaning up dialog design doc to match the option dialogs I'm working on in inventory.

---

## [2014-10-27 16:09] eso

Default Options
-	Destroy
-	Mark as Junk
-	Link in CHat
-	Help

Stackable Items
-	Split Stack

Weapons
-	Repair
-	Charge
-	Enchant

---

## [2014-10-27 17:09] eso

now I'm back in the tooltips template

x	panels 3-up
x	panels 2-up
x	tooltip placement
	x	skills
	x	inventory
	x	empty tooltip states
x	panels doublewide
	-	quest journal
x	panels fullscreen
x	panels map
x	panels charactercreate
x	panel headers
	x	nav1 header
		x	title
		x	L1/R1 NAV
x	vertical list placement
	x	empty list state
-	panels loot window
-	panels conversation window
-	panels trade
-	panels guild commerce
-	panels for crafting
	-	alchemy
	-	enchanting
	-	provisioning
	-	smithing

---

## [2014-10-28 10:12] eso

UI Standardization
-	documenting core layout patterns in confluence
-	design cleanup
	x	Inventory
	-	Guild Commerce
	-	Quest Journal

-	iterating w Zindagi
	-	armor dyeing
	-	achievements
	-	keep upgrade

Font Swap
	x 	view game on TV in office
	-	Font metrics adjustment
	-	setup local build environment

---

## [2014-10-28 12:26] eso

x	discuss work in progress w Michael
	x	achievements
	x	keep upgrade
	x	armor dyeing
	x	standard layout template

---

## [2014-10-28 12:35] eso

posting updated inventory design to confluence

---

## [2014-10-28 13:04] eso

Linen Hat of Stamina
armor 56
level 17
value 23
MAX STAMINA ENCHANTMENT
Adds 38 Max Stamina

INFUSED
Increase armor enchantment effect by 14%

---

## [2014-10-28 15:06] eso

next immediate priority for style guide is to conform the quest journal design to revised metrics

---

## [2014-10-28 23:37] eso

posted inventory update w to confluence

x	panels charactercreate
	-	character create
x	panels 2-up
	-	character select
x	panels doublewide
	-	quest journal
-	panels for crafting
	-	alchemy
-	trade
-	guild commerce
-	map
-	keep upgrade
-	guild screen
	-	Guild Hub
	-	Guild Roster
	-	Guild Ranks
	-	Guild History

---

## [2014-10-29 11:17] eso

getting Marcs source art from P4
taking screen capture of quest journal to create template

---

## [2014-10-29 12:48] eso

The Guild screen is a mess. Discussed it w Nick earlier. Added to revision list

---

## [2014-10-29 14:02] eso

modifying guild screen layout

---

## [2014-10-29 15:57] eso

methodically

Creating and Joining Guilds

Guilds are a grat way to team up with other travelers you come across while exploring the world of Tamriel! These large, permanent groups allow players to band together, work towards common goals, and unlock special perks like Guild Stores.

Utilize ranks to make your guild as structured or free-form as you like! Coordinate with your guildmates and fight in large scale battles against others as part of the Aliiance Wars!

Guild membership is tied to your UserID and is limited to 5 guilds total. All characters under your UserID will have access to all of your guilds.

---

## [2014-10-30 10:10] eso

-	continue revising Guild screen
	-	create simple screen to screen prototype in AX to validate flow

-	revise Character Create screen
	-	take a look at flow for gamepad name entry
		-	error messaging

x	panels charactercreate
	-	character create
x	panels 2-up
	-	character select
x	panels doublewide
	-	quest journal
-	panels for crafting
	-	alchemy
-	trade
-	guild commerce
-	map
-	keep upgrade
-	guild screen
	x	Guild Hub
	-	Guild Roster
	x	Guild Ranks
	-	Guild History

---

## [2014-10-30 13:42] eso

reviewing Marc's work
-	Smithing
-	Mounts
-	Vendor

---

## [2014-10-30 15:38] eso

not getting much time to focus on any one thing

Requirement: Important display items are displayed using one of the following methods so they can be
displayed in the display area of a TV.
• Designing the screen so that important display items are included approximately in the center 90% of
the vertical/horizontal measurements (90% x 90% of the area)
• Important display items are included in the safe area, which can be obtained with
sceSystemServiceGetDisplaySafeAreaInfo().
Description
"Important display items" are as follows.
• Error messages and warning messages defined by the TRC
• Legal texts such as the EULA and other copyright indications
• Online IDs used as the identifiers of users
• Operation instructions and game rule explanations
• Other text and graphics required to appropriately advance gameplay
To display long character strings, either provide a sufficient display area for the longest character strings,
or provide a scrolling display. Or, you may provide a function such as "See Details" to display the
character strings on a separate screen.

---

## [2014-10-30 17:27] eso

back in AX to figure out the purchase/sell quantity interaction

---

## [2014-10-30 19:42] eso

did not need to do any visualization in AX, provided direction for Marc to move foprward with

---

## [2014-10-30 19:43] eso

looking at Guild ROster screen

??? What does the Level metric mean? Member ship is account based, so whose level is it

---

## [2014-10-30 19:45] eso

chatting w Ken at Zindagi

---

## [2014-10-30 19:49] eso

turns out those values are for any character a user is currently playing. I'm guessing that if I'm offline then character name is the character I logged out with. Verifying in game

7ESC2UQ

---

## [2014-10-30 21:51] eso

done for today. tired

---

## [2014-10-31 17:38] eso

not much work done on Roster list, spending time making sure the list grid is reasonable

---

