# Raw Entries for June 2014

**Total Entries:** 80
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-06-02 10:44] eso

spending some time thinking about itemization list sort order. Spoke w bothe Dan & Marc about how it works.
 Marc brought up interesting idea of sorting by investment in skills, such as light armor , medium armor, heavy armor

---

## [2014-06-02 20:26] eso

collate and complete format updates to inventory
update inventory design doc w new templates
update vendor inventory template with latest inventory list formatting
add additional items to inventory dataset
	-	armors
	-	materials
	-	consumables

---

## [2014-06-03 10:26] eso

doing some task processing to update sprint goals

ESO-321888
P1: Finalize Core UI Screens: Inventory DESIGN)

	ESO-307870
	Post confluence documentation for Item Tooltip

	update inventory design templates to incorporate feedback from list implementation

	investigate item list sorting behavior and update design documentation

	<stretch>
	ESO-314366
	Design Vendor Inventory system






ESO-321890
P1: Finalize Core UI Screens: Skills (DESIGN)

	ESO-307871
	Post confluence documentation for Ability Tooltip

	update skills design templates to incorporate feedback from list implementation

	refine the design for assigning to and rearranging skills on the actionbar

	add skyshard counter to design templates

ESO-314366

---

## [2014-06-03 12:52] eso

updating inventory design doc. what more is needed to complete this:
-	Item management panels
	-	Assign to Quickslot
	-	Enchant Item
	-	Split Stack
	-	Repair
	-	Destroy

---

## [2014-06-03 13:06] eso

spending some time thinking about sorting

---

## [2014-06-03 13:24] eso

its quite possible that the categorization built in to this design precludes the need for advanced sorting? Doing some investigation with my skinjester character. Need to fill up my inventory to get full dataset

---

## [2014-06-03 14:31] eso

reviewed Marc's current visual design. shit is getting real

---

## [2014-06-03 15:08] eso

finished data entry for my character's inventory list. I'm creating a model to see how sorting affects the way I understand my inventory

---

## [2014-06-03 16:34] eso

Chris suggested interesting alt scheme for skills layout where HMENU and NAV1 are swapped such that:
Skill Categories are listed on left side in NAV1
Skill Lines are listed in the HMenu

-	mockup Skill Line Browser w this scheme
-	mockup Ability Browser w this scheme

---

## [2014-06-03 17:52] eso

note on the above - what Chris suggested above can't be accomodated without significant layout update

---

## [2014-06-03 17:53] eso

Still not certain about what sorting orders to document. will pick up that work later

---

## [2014-06-04 11:30] eso

creating new hmenu template based on marc's design for inclusion to design templates. Some new ideas for Skills layout that will need this as reference

---

## [2014-06-04 14:30] eso

working on bringing skills layouts up to current design spec

---

## [2014-06-05 10:05] eso

there's been a lot of iteration and discovery and I'm feeling a bit diffuse. will set up a "State of the Design" meeting this afternoon to discuss isssues that are currently the subject of iteration in design, art and engineering

How to convey item quality?
How to convey new-ness
What is the visual language of item sorting groups
how to transition in/out from player menu to inventory NAV1
how to transition in/out from inventory NAV1 to NAV2
how to transition in/out from inventory NAV2 to OPTIONS
What is the visual language of the HMENU wrapper
What is the visual language for visual detailing - currently using a knotty theme, but where is this headed?
How are system meessages accomodated in inventory and skills screens
Examine skills screen design where skill points/skyshards count is move to top-center screen
Need completed design for item tooltips showing how use cases documented for PC-UI are accomodated by the layout
Is the ability tooltip design finalized
Continue vendor inventory design
How are equipment slots represented - as equipped item icons? as generic category icons?
Consider overlapping NAV1 with NAV2 to provide additional real estate for item tokens and calls to action
	-	how does this affect transition from NAV2 to OPTIONS
How to handle alternate weapon slots?
	-	A: Dan's solution of placing those new slots directly under the main ones in the list is appropriate

---

## [2014-06-05 15:49] eso

the state of the design meeting was a good idea. It provided a forum to express my appreciation and questions about the... state of the design. Next steps:
-	Jason is exploring pip-related signififiers for item rarity
-	We do want to treat the equipment slots as fillable with equipped items, not as categories

---

## [2014-06-05 15:51] eso

I'm remeasuring font in Skyrim for reality check and comparision to what we're currently using

---

## [2014-06-05 15:56] eso

ok. verified that specified font metrics are appropriate

---

## [2014-06-05 15:57] eso

-	overlay design template on top of prototype
	-	NAV1 is accurate
	-	NAV2 is innacurate, needs repositioning and enforced margins
-	overlay design template on top of visual design

---

## [2014-06-05 17:39] eso

think about what you want to accomplish during tonight's work session:
-	validate placement & spacing of inventory prototype
-	define formatting for grouped/sorted items
	-	investigate how star system for item rarity can be incorporated into the reconstructed layout. what's not working, what is working? Discuss w Dan/Marc/Chris/Jason tomorrow afternoon
-	continue bringing skills design up to current design spec so it can be used effectively for design exploration

---

## [2014-06-05 20:44] eso

working on validate layout of inventory prototype
	-	payoff: higher fidelity representation in-game, refined eng methods. accurate target for visual design

---

## [2014-06-06 10:05] eso

quite a bit of exploration of list formatting. review w Dan. How is he aligning content? Discuss visual design w Jason

---

## [2014-06-06 13:17] eso

discussed list formatting at length w Dan & Jason, Paul stopped by provided an opinion. Will wait to see what Jason comes up with but beginning to suspect that color coding thetext is the clearest way to convey what's needed.

---

## [2014-06-06 13:18] eso

pickup up work on inventory cleanup
-	apply list formatting work here
-	make sure revised hmenu is accounted for

Futura® Std Condensed Light
Futura® Std Condensed Medium
Futura® Std Condensed Bold

---

## [2014-06-06 14:44] eso

finalizing a couple of fallback positions for item rarity signifier. Curious to see what Jason is coming up with. Dan is working on implementingthe formatting I specified earlier

---

## [2014-06-06 16:55] eso

it seems that the design excursion concerning rarity has circled back to where it began. I don't see how we can get away from color coding the text. Trying one more thing - the weighted stars treatment

---

## [2014-06-09 09:39] eso

x	go over item rarity solution w Jason
x	discuss item comparison w Dan
x	discuss item rarity w Dan
x	discuss Skills w Dan
-	complete item tooltip design
-	verify ability tooltip design as complete
-	AD meeting this afternoon
	x	discuss presentation w Marc
	-	provide exanples w item rarity solutions
		-	Jason is working on updated solutions that I'll include in Marc's presentation

---

## [2014-06-09 10:07] eso

not seeing item tooltip task in JIRA

ESO-307870
Post confluence documentation for Item Tooltip

ESO-307871
Post confluence documentation for Ability Tooltip

ESO-321888
P1: Finalize Core UI Screens: Inventory DESIGN)

---

## [2014-06-09 10:49] eso

reviewing Ability Tooltip design

---

## [2014-06-09 15:53] eso

met w Jared, Chris, Marc, jason to review visual design

---

## [2014-06-09 15:53] eso

looking quickly into solutions for handling system messages in existing layouts

---

## [2014-06-09 15:59] eso

It may be possible to have the tooltip area react to the presence of system messages (gets pushed down to accommodate?)
Would need to visualize that transition with an animation to see how it can work. I'd previously done some system message animation work for Crafting in AE and can pull from that.

Alternately, the system messages can exist in a wrapper that in fact overlaps the tooltip area for a period of time

---

## [2014-06-09 16:04] eso

moving back to Ability tooltips

---

## [2014-06-10 13:44] eso

feedback session this oring has changed inventory design... for the better?
wirefaming it out for plausibility. Everyone's on board

---

## [2014-06-10 18:00] eso

interesting steps in the evolution of the inventory design today. great work and feedback by the UI team, especially Dan, who was able to prototype the ideas we discussed.

---

## [2014-06-11 10:27] eso

reviewed inventorly layout modifications w Jason & Dan. Dan is prototyping those changes and I;'m handing off the modified grid to both Marc & Jason. Jason will be looking into transitions, Marc will be looking into applying the design styling to this revised layout

---

## [2014-06-11 14:41] eso

spoke w Chip about tooltips. Loving that he made a tool to create them. I'm fleshing out the item tooltip design before moving into Skills

---

## [2014-06-11 15:24] eso

WEAPONS & ARMOR
x	simple
x	enchanted
x	multiple enchants
x	irreplaceable enchant
x	traits
x	restricted condition
x	set item
x	crafted/

CONSUMABLES
x	potion (single effect)
x	potion (multiple effects)
x	food
x	tool *has stats)
-	tool (no stats)
-	contract
-	siege weapon

PROVISIONING
x	Unknown recipe
x	Known recipe
x	Ingredients

ENCHANTING
-	Runestone (untranslated/translated)
-	Glyph

ALCHEMY
x	Reagent (knowledge progression)
x	Solvent

SMITHING
x	raw material
x	material
x	racial components
x	additive
x	temper

MISC
-	soul gem (empty & full)
-	lockpick
-	mount

---

## [2014-06-12 11:24] eso

synced up w Jason and iterated thru menu transitions
synced up w Chip and stepped through item tooltip design spec
Dan is implementing Skills screen using pattern esrtablished in Inventory. I am working w him on updating the design model

---

## [2014-06-12 16:05] eso

continuing to work on Skills redesign

---

## [2014-06-12 17:42] eso

I've got what I think may be a plausible template started but revisiting skills on PC to make sure I'm understanding all the use cases
<><<
-	show use case for assigning skill to action bar from the Skill Line browser
	-	I'd visited this idea before and I'm wondering again if it makes sense to combine assigning and rearranging into a single options menu

-	show use case for morphing a skill
-	show use case for rearranging skills on the actionbar

---

## [2014-06-12 21:04] eso

I am now wondering if its really desirable to rearrange skills on the action bar at all. In my own gameplay I've never once done so and I'm sure Thea hasn't either.

---

## [2014-06-12 23:27] eso

RFeviewed Jason's animation work and edited in AE to speed up the transitions. I think that its coming along well, but the one part I'm missing is a strong visual cue directing me to "open the box" - that is - dive into categories and so forth.
For one thing, its not obvious when I can stop navigating. How many levels does the menu have?

I think that by stacking the panels before they become visible, the menu depth can be conveyed. Once there's no more stacked paneling, there's nowhere else to go forward.

As far as the visual cue to dive in, there needs to be some kind of attachment to the focal point. Not sure what that would be now, especially since the menus are behaving like accordions at the top level...

---

## [2014-06-12 23:32] eso

On the inventory screen - what happens to the NAV2 panel when moving from an equipment slot (such as Main Hand) to Supplies?
-	does the panel just go away (cut away?) when Supplies is focused, and then return when focus switches to Main Hand (again - simply a cut?)
-	What is shown in the NAV2 panel when an equipment slot is empty?

---

## [2014-06-13 08:42] eso

having new thoughts about inventory comparison. There's too much indeterminacy when "opening" an inventory category. A simp,ified version goes like this:
-	Open Player Menu and choose Inventory
-	Open Inventory Screen NAV1 and observe which slots are occupied
-	Scroll to occupied slot and open it to view inventory items and present them in NAV2
-	Comparison is not implicit, but must be invoked by pressing a button on controller
	- does comparison stay active at this point or is it modal?
	- doe I need to exit comparison mode or is it a toggle?

---

## [2014-06-13 15:05] eso

working through use cases for skill assignment/rearranging

---

## [2014-06-15 17:06] eso

sketched my way through a number of schems for skill assignment and rearranging. moving those ideas into fireworks

---

## [2014-06-16 23:40] eso

Good consultations w Jason, Dan, Alex and Marc have led to a better understanding of assinging & placing skills. I've got 2 schemes in mind.
The first is the evolution of the original idea, highly optimized workflow, and pretty clever and I think plausible as well. The focus here is on slots - what goes in them, how to move skills between them,, and so forth

Another approach that suggests itself is to treat this screen like the PC keybinding UI. Its about controller configuration, not slots. I associate skills with the game controller - what button is it assigned to, what button to I want to assign it to. In this scheme, you can scroll to view skill details, but assignment and place ment is done using the existing HUD controller mapping. This approach is in my view actually far more straightforward than the liust based approach and I suspect it will be the preferred treatment.

---

## [2014-06-18 11:45] eso

waiting for Nick to return so I can review skills design iteration w him & Dan

---

## [2014-06-18 11:46] eso

makling a list of active skills for my regular character to get a sense of how big that list is

Level 22 Dark Elf Sorceror

-	Class
	-	22	Dark Magic
			-	Crystal Blast II
			-	Shattering Prison I
	-	18	Daedric Summoning
			-	(Ultimate) Summon Storm Atronach II
			-	Unstable Clannfear I
	-	27	Storm Calling
			-	(Ultimate) Power Overload I
-	Weapon
	-	1	Two Handed
	-	10	One Hand and Shield
	-	2	Dual Wield
	-	2	Bow
	-	26	Destruction Staff
	-	6	Restoration Staff
-	Armor
	-	22	Light Armor
	-	19	Medium Armor
	-	7	Heavy Armor
-	World
	-	2	Soul Magic
-	Guild
	-	2	Mages Guild
	-	1	Undaunted
-	Alliance War
	-	2	Assault
	-	2	Support
-	Racial
	-	19	Dark Elf Skills
-	Craft
	-	2	Alchemy
	-	1	Blacksmithing
	-	3	Clothing
	-	5	Enchanting
	-	1	Provisioning
	-	3	Woodworking

---

## [2014-06-18 14:20] eso

reviewed skills design w Nick, Dan & Jason.
setup tech review for UI transitions for Friday
I'm refining list presentation for skills design before finalizing

---

## [2014-06-18 15:39] eso

interviewed another UI programming candidate. Guy was totally solid and would love to work with him. Dan Bateson's the name. His resume was a work of art I thought, and I kept a copy as reference for my own redesign

Level 45 High Elf Templar

-	Class
	-	22	Aedric Spear
			-	Puncturing Strikes IV
			-	Piercing Javelin I
	-	4	Dawn's Wrath
			-	Sun Fire III
			-	Solar Flare I
	-	4	Restore Light
			-	Rushed Ceremony III
			-	Healing Ritual I
-	Weapon
	-	1	Two Handed
	-	10	One Hand and Shield
			-	Puncture I
			-	Low Slash I
	-	3	Dual Wield
			-	Twin Slashes I
	-	2	Bow
	-	26	Destruction Staff
			-	Destructive Touch I
			-	Wall of Elements I
	-	6	Restoration Staff
-	Armor
	-	22	Light Armor
	-	19	Medium Armor
	-	7	Heavy Armor
-	World
	-	1	Soul Magic
			-	Soul Trap I
-	Guild
	-	2	Mages Guild
	-	1	Undaunted
-	Alliance War
	-	2	Assault
	-	2	Support
-	Racial
	-	19	Dark Elf Skills
-	Craft
	-	2	Alchemy
	-	1	Blacksmithing
	-	3	Clothing
	-	5	Enchanting
	-	1	Provisioning
	-	3	Woodworking



Level 22 Dark Elf Sorceror

	-	22	Dark Magic
			-	Crystal Blast II
			-	Shattering Prison I
	-	18	Daedric Summoning
			-	(Ultimate) Summon Storm Atronach II
			-	Unstable Clannfear I
	-	27	Storm Calling
			-	(Ultimate) Power Overload I
-	Weapon
	-	1	Two Handed
	-	10	One Hand and Shield
			-	Puncture IV
	-	2	Dual Wield
	-	2	Bow
	-	26	Destruction Staff
			-	Destructive Reach I
			-	Unstable Wall of Elements I
	-	6	Restoration Staff
-	Armor
	-	22	Light Armor
	-	19	Medium Armor
	-	7	Heavy Armor
-	World
	-	2	Soul Magic
			-	Soul Splitting Trap
-	Guild
	-	2	Mages Guild
	-	1	Undaunted
-	Alliance War
	-	2	Assault
	-	2	Support
-	Racial
	-	19	Dark Elf Skills
-	Craft
	-	2	Alchemy
	-	1	Blacksmithing
	-	3	Clothing
	-	5	Enchanting
	-	1	Provisioning
	-	3	Woodworking

---

## [2014-06-18 21:50] eso

I am exploring form,atting options for the assign skills list
-	sample list groupings<><Destruct

---

## [2014-06-19 10:23] eso

x	cleanup "move skill" scenario to close out skill design
	x	cleanup messaging for puchase, upgrade & morph calls to action
x	export skill design states to PNG for engineering/art reference
x	collate Jason's exiting transitions

-	update confluence docs for skills design
	x	include link to transitions

-	export inventory design states for engineering and art reference

-	update confluence docs for inventory
	-	include link to transitions
	-	callout new-ness use case explicitly
	-	group equipment slots

x	visual design discussion continues w Marc
x	discuss recipe tooltips & formatting w Chip
x	discuss skill transitions w Jason

---

## [2014-06-20 11:09] eso

adding some detail to finalize skills doc before spending some time w inventory strategy for this afternoon's candidate

---

## [2014-06-20 13:06] eso

posted skill design doc update to confluence
researching interview candidate & interviewer script

---

## [2014-06-20 16:57] eso

Met with Wynne to discuss editorial requirements

---

## [2014-06-22 15:35] eso

working on cleaning up inventory design doc for tomorrow.
My hypothesis here is that players will feel more in control when they explicitly request item comparisons, as opposed to always providing that comparison (which was in fact my initial approach). I'm actually unclear about how this interaction works, but it is easy enough to test the hypothesis

-	make sure that engineering provides support for compare on demand so that I can compare the difference between that and what we're already doing.

---

## [2014-06-22 15:51] eso

I need to take a look at the game on BVT to understand how inventory is currently behaving

---

## [2014-06-22 16:32] eso

BVT update will take a few hours.
Best to go on the assumption that item comparison happens automatically in order to update documentation

---

## [2014-06-22 19:01] eso

BVT update is at 41%. Working through some indevmntory scenarios with normalized placement, equipped state, newness

---

## [2014-06-23 10:13] eso

updated BVT at home and at work, but the server is currently down. I am trying to review the existing work there

---

## [2014-06-24 10:13] eso

revised grid system and conforming inventory design to it, and still the hesitation. What is it you are trying to accomplish?

-	I'm worried about the accordion style transitions not providing adequate anchoring for nested hierarchies

-	I'm worried about how to represent the following states in the inventory:
	-	equipped/not equipeed
	-	new

Focus on the states for right now. discuss transitions w Jason. My goal for today is to be able to hand Marc & Jason a revised grid system for skills & inventory

---

## [2014-06-24 12:18] eso

I finished normalizing the inventory design to the new grid and examined how to show new & equipped states more clearly. I'm creating a table to show equipped states more clearly and will pass that along to the team for feedback, while suggesting we return to horizontally oriented transitions

---

## [2014-06-24 20:44] eso

Chris sent back an iteration of item slots thats pretty good. It suggests a couple of things:

1. text color is an RGB value, no opacity treatment for unfocused items

2. all icons are shown at opacity = 1.0

3. will need to introduce a disabled state to show empty categories

---

## [2014-06-25 11:06] eso

discussed inventory next steps w Chris, Jason & Marc. Jason is reworking transitions.
conforming additional inventory states to match the new grid

x	export updated inventory PNG files for Marc
x	collate QA inventory feedback
-	compare QA inventory feedback to current design
-	review inventory system in-game
-	begin revision of Skills design to conform to new grid

---

## [2014-06-26 10:02] eso

-	review Marc's inventory design update

---

## [2014-06-26 10:16] eso

Collating design iteration notes based on QA feedback

EQUIPPED ITEMS
-	explore the possibility of naming items in equipment slots

INVOKE PLAYER MENU
-	use touchpad press to bring up player menu & return to screens (this interaction replaces pressing the OPTIONS button on PS4 controller, which is awkwardly placed)

---

## [2014-06-26 13:37] eso

working on alternate slot layout for inventory. Dan has some interesting ideas regarding Actionbar + Skills that we need to look over as a group

---

## [2014-06-26 16:39] eso

reviewed alternate equipment slot layout w Chris & Nick and its solid
Reviewed Dan's edits to skills screen, and there's still some confusion, but Dan has an idea which he can easily prototype which I think is quite promising and also be extended to quickslot assignment

---

## [2014-06-26 16:40] eso

continuing to cleabnup inventory design
-	show multiple use cases for equipment slots
x	measure list layout in game and use that as reference fior item placement
-	accomodate quickslot selection or readout into supplies NAV2 panel (an idea suggested by Brent)

---

## [2014-06-27 11:20] eso

working thru some inventory ideas
-	align lists so they're registered properly from state to state

---

## [2014-06-27 12:30] eso

sorta confused, but trying to stay on track. I'm exploring a scenario in which an opened inventory slot exposes a dropdown menu of the items that could be placed there. Simple enough in principle, and somehow faltering. Layout issue? Here's permission to not worry about the layout for the next 10 fucking minutes

---

## [2014-06-27 12:56] eso

OK dropdown1 is in layout now. Interesting approach. COmpletely causes rethink of interaction patterns involved. For example, how would options work - I'd expect that it was simply another panel nested to the right of the dropdown panel. Where do tooltips appear? More of the screen would be definitely get covered up...

---

## [2014-06-27 17:22] eso

spending some more time getting accurate list metrics for another pass at inventory

---

## [2014-06-28 09:53] eso

really not happy with the state of the inventory design and am wondering if my original 2 paneled concept wasnt more intuitive. obviously it felt that way to me at the timem but I remained open tyo other possibilities. Now tyhagt those possibilities are real I don't know if they're a win. We only went to that approach

---

## [2014-06-29 17:19] eso

made a design update to inventory yesterday and stepped through it w Thea, who seemed to think it plausible. Going through it step by step again to prepare it for presentation at work

---

## [2014-06-30 00:25] eso

LIST FOCUS RULES

If the slot is populated then initial focus of the equipment list is on the equipped item

If the slot is unpopulated then initial focus of the equipment list is on first item in the equipment list

If the slot is empty then the equipmenbt list empty state is shown

---

## [2014-06-30 01:01] eso

to summarize, what have I accomplished by updating this design:
-	reduced list depth simplifies navigation
-	clearly expressed equipped, new & empty states
-	seperated supplies into consumables and materials to simplify grouping

TODO:
-	show list of consumables
-	show list of materials
-	review design w Nick, Dan, Chris, Jason
-	identify specific issues from QA feedback that this new approach solves

---

## [2014-06-30 11:04] eso

-	add list samples to hmenu nav scenario
-	update skills design to use hmenu nav pattern

---

## [2014-06-30 16:32] eso

For Tomorrow (work on this tonight)
-	update Character Creation design and post to confluence for Zindagi
	-	change color picker so it is a single row with center focus and no confirmation step required
	-	rethink keybinding assignments in the hint bar (what buttons do I press)
		-	how do I preview novice/veteran/nogear
		-	how do I rotate the character preview
		-	how do I lock a parameter
		-	how do I randomize parameters
		-	how do I finish a character
	-	provide example of system keyboard to follow "finalize character?" dialog

-	update Character Selection design and post to confluence for Zindagi
	-	reposition character list on the left hand side
	-	expose the game menu here
		-	exposed in the character list itself?
		-	exposed by hint to press MENU button?

---

