# Raw Entries for February 2014

**Total Entries:** 149
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2014-02-03 10:52] eso

worked out navigation schemes for player menu and inventory over the weekend and transferred that thinking to Visio

---

## [2014-02-03 10:52] eso

continuing to refine Player Menu wireframes
-	need to setup review of work in progress for tomorrow
	-	need to handoff work in progress to Iron galaxy tomorrow for discussion

-	what does Player Menu wireframe completion look like?
	-	includes schematics
	-	describes how to enter player menu
	-	describes how to exit player meny
	-	describes how to enter social context
	-	describes how to exit social context
	-	describes how to enter a feature
	-	describes how to exit a feature
	-	describes how player returns to last used feature

---

## [2014-02-03 11:39] eso

requested work in progress review for tomorrow
working on annotating Player Menu design

---

## [2014-02-03 12:52] eso

continuing annotation, creating some simple controller icons for shorthand

---

## [2014-02-03 14:05] eso

annotating too much. don't need to show every possible state, just the key

---

## [2014-02-03 15:29] eso

attempting to print document
should probably be thinking about on-screen presentation at 1080p instead

---

## [2014-02-03 16:11] eso

thinking about how to present this work
I'm able to print multiple sheets of 8.5 x 11 paper from Visio, but if I present that way, I can't control the flow. Only way to step through it is on TV display. So... I'm going to need to transfer the work over to fireworks

---

## [2014-02-03 16:17] eso

transferring to Fireworks

---

## [2014-02-03 16:29] eso

did legibility test in conference room using exported Visio file
graphics quality is poor but also need to simplify presentation and show one state per screen, rather than 2-up or 4-up

---

## [2014-02-03 17:41] eso

started fireworks template
work session 2 at home

---

## [2014-02-04 10:12] eso

working from home today
setup syncbackSE profiles to automate get and push file operations
played with player menu doc and revised it
established a name for a navigation pattern:

NESTED MULTISELECTION

the CURRENT ITEM can lead to a SCREEN or to another ITEM
the CURRENT ITEM can be OPENED/FOLLOWED by pressing CONFIRM or SCROLLING+
the CURRENT ITEM always has a NEXT ITEM
the CURRENT ITEM always has a PREVIOUS ITEM
the PREVIOUS item can lead to another ITEM or to the TOP MENU
the NEXT ITEM can lead to another ITEM or a SCREEN
when an ITEM leads to itself it ends the chain in that direction

summarized:
items can be arranged in chains
the items at the beginning and end of a chain are its endpoints
one of the items in the chain is always the current item
the current item always leads to another item, screen or menu.
the current item defines a previous item
the current item defines a next item
the current item can be followed by pressing confirm or scrolling+/-

---

## [2014-02-04 18:01] eso

applied nested multiselection pattern to category browser for inventory screen
labor intensive layout mainpulations in Fireworks, but was able to test several variations

---

## [2014-02-04 18:07] eso

need to remove the "All" category.

---

## [2014-02-04 20:37] eso

lot of ideas and questions about inventory
getting hung up on layout and behavior possibly beyond what I can present tomorrow

---

## [2014-02-04 23:58] eso

I mapped out the parts of the inventory system and created a scenario to step through some basic functionality and convey the gestalt of the thing. It was pleasing to see it come to life

---

## [2014-02-05 09:41] eso

need to schedule design review. may not happen today as Erich is out

---

## [2014-02-05 10:23] eso

lots of scheduling conflicts at any time this week. Found a block that minimized scheduling conflicts. Will discuss w Erich during scrum. Definitely want to present tomorrow rather than today so that I can build up this work more comprehensively, and also figure out presentation details
-	Adobe Acrobat
	-	single package file, easily shared
	-	allows full screen view & nav
	-	allows random access to specific images
	-	gfx quality: high
	-	requires asset processing workflow for best quality imagery
-	Powerpoint
	-	single package file, easily shared
	-	allows full screen view and nav
	-	allows random access to specific images
	-	gfx quality: ???
-	Image directories
	-	must work with multiple files in fixed sequence
	-	must step in & out of directories for random access
	-	Microsoft picture viewer doesnt easily permit full screen view (always shows chrome excepty in slideshow mode)

---

## [2014-02-05 11:02] eso

I may not be able to review work in progress until Monday. Chris will be OOO tomorrow & Friday. I'm not ready to present today
-	What would pushing that review back mean?
	-	Opens up room to work on ESO-PC designs on Thursday/Friday
	-	Opens up room to refine existing wireframes (player Menu/Inventory)
		-	document design patterns
		-	consider alternatives
	-	Opens up room to create wireframe for Character Select

---

## [2014-02-05 11:05] eso

in any case, need to continue in cone of silence for inventory design, with emphasis on
-	presentation structure

---

## [2014-02-05 12:20] eso

handed off credits block metrics to Mark, who has them running locally ion his machine. Will also need to make sure font size and weight are implemented properly

---

## [2014-02-05 12:49] eso

cleaning up inventory design

---

## [2014-02-05 14:43] eso

what remains to be done?
If you had to present this right now what would you want to do first
-	cleanup hint annotations
	x	clarify focus state w red color
	x	add L1/R1 icons
	-	provide only one control for each hint
		-	callout additional navigation features seperately

-	add part description
-	add structural diagram of ESO-PC inventory
-	add structural diagram of current console inventory

---

## [2014-02-05 20:55] eso

I came home and looked over my work and had a crisis feeling - the design intention is sound. The mechanic for switching contexts - between "equipment" and "supplies" felt too loose and was raising questions for me. I'd sketched other variants of this layoiut, and it seems now that mapping the contexts: equipment/supplies to L1/R1 is the simple solution. It also opens up fluid navigation to get into and out of the inventory list from the category list - no confirmation step required to open a "slot"  - fallback allows confirm button to perform redundant nav as scroll

---

## [2014-02-05 23:24] eso

my revision just got real. The context switching I'd previously been doing - using fluid navigation to change contexts  between equipment and supplies didn't match a self-evident controller mapping. Solid design

---

## [2014-02-06 10:24] eso

experimenting with some design refinements to inventory
cleaning up document for better presentation

---

## [2014-02-06 10:54] eso

need to check output on TV in conference room

---

## [2014-02-06 11:11] eso

adjusting color values of wireframes

---

## [2014-02-06 14:04] eso

adding slot states to inventory wireframe

---

## [2014-02-06 14:48] eso

worked out details of
-	empty slots
-	full slots
-	new items
	-	category view
	-	item list
-	selected state
-	selectable state
-	focused state
-	static state

---

## [2014-02-06 16:46] eso

getting a bit paralyzed working on this. Easy to dive into use cases. The purpose of these wireframes is to communicate patterns of behavior. Layout and other aspects of the design are important but are defocused

With that said:
-	should equipped items always show up at the top of the list? TBD)
-	how does the list scroll?
-	deferred selection. you are showing too much information at once. consistently use a pattern where information is available on demand instead


You view your equipment with your left hand. The stuff you can wear.
You scroll thru a list of equipment slots
	-	you can see the items placed in those slots
	-	you can see if a slot is empty or full

You choose an equipment slot
	-	you can browse through a list of equippable inventory
	-	you can compare equippable inventory with currently equipped
	-	you can equip inventory
	-	you can mark as junk
	-	management options include
		-	charge
		-	repair
		-	discard
		-	add to quickslot
		-	send in chat


	-	management options include
		-	use
		-	split
		-	combine
		-	discard
		-	add to quickslot
		-	send in chat

---

## [2014-02-06 22:53] eso

getting late.
TO-DO:

-	change tooltip layout to left justified for simplified wireframe - perhaps suggests a different tooltip design as well?

---

## [2014-02-07 08:48] eso

rethinking player menu work. quick to iterate. 1st idea wasnt bad, but maybe unnecessary? linear array w all items will work too, although it is a long scroll

---

## [2014-02-07 12:56] eso

need to start working on Death Recap window for PC
-	who is the engineer?
-	read the design doc
postponed task until Monday

---

## [2014-02-07 13:27] eso

need to show this inventory design around today
-	create keyboard shortcut FW to next/prev state
	x	A: Browse Supplies
		-	show hint icons
		-	add annotations
			-	what is the scenario being shown?
			-	what controls are available
	-	B: Inspect Consumables
				x	use a magicka potion
				x	read a book
				-	show hint icons changing for different items  - "use" vs "read"
			x	show context menu nav 3 for sheperd pie
				x	split
				x	destroy
				x	link in chat
				x	move to quickslot

x	convert page sequences into Page/State hierarchy

---

## [2014-02-07 16:52] eso

continuing to revise wireframes
methodical fireworks-centric approach - w shared layers & states to avoid shifting stuff around by hand later on
also organized items from the game into an item list to capture category entries more accurately

---

## [2014-02-07 17:22] eso

yes, the organized approach paid off already - I changed a menu structure with 2 edits rather than 9

---

## [2014-02-08 16:49] eso

finalizing inventoiry wireframes with use cases for equipment slots

---

## [2014-02-08 17:14] eso

verifying 2-item compare behavior on ESO-PC so that I capture it correctly in wireframes

---

## [2014-02-10 00:31] eso

updated player menu design
much simpler
I wanted to provide more of a preview here, but not obvious how do do so right now

---

## [2014-02-10 10:48] eso

another idea for player menu occurred while I was sleeping. Capturing that in Fireworks

TODO
-	Review design work
	-	Chris
	-	Erich
	-	Paul
	-	Dan, Andy, Chip
-	Design research Death Recap Window
	-	read design doc
	-	speak with Chip about design
	-	speak with Erik (game designer about design)

---

## [2014-02-10 11:20] eso

captured player menu revision in FW. need to make it look nice, and experiment w layout

---

## [2014-02-10 12:46] eso

player menu: at a glance
-	inventory
	-	inventory space x/y
	-	gold
	-	alliance points
	-	last 5 items
-	character
	-	character name
	-	race
	-	class
	-	level
	-	alliance
	-	alliance rank
	-	available attribute points
	-	spell damage
	-	weapon damage
	-	spell resistance
	-	armor
-	skills
	-	skill points
	-	skyshards
-	journal
	-	quests x/y
	-	books x/y
	-	achievement points
-	map
	-	current location
	-	current date
	-	current time

-	group
	-	user ID
	-	group members x/4
	-	dungeon mode: normal/veteran
	-	preferred role: Tank/Healer/Damage

-	contacts
	-	friends online

-	guilds
	-	guild name
	-	guild heraldry
	-	guild rank: Guildmaster/Officer/Member/Recruit
	-	members online
	-	guild bank: gold amount

-	alliance war
	-	alliance level
	-	alliance title

-	mail
	-	new mail counter

-	notifications
	-	new notifications counter

---

## [2014-02-10 13:35] eso

completed new iteration for player menu design. ready to review

---

## [2014-02-10 16:35] eso

reviewed work in progress with Chris, Ryan & Erich
Very favorable across the baord

---

## [2014-02-10 16:36] eso

I should be looking through the death recap design doc right now, and I intend to before leaving today
but I'm working on console dashboard for the PS4/XBone builds

---

## [2014-02-10 18:07] eso

completed temp iconography for console dashboards

---

## [2014-02-11 10:25] eso

working on death recap window

---

## [2014-02-11 11:16] eso

-	Need to discuss with Chris & Eric
	-	when does the recap widow appear?
		-	can the recap window of your last death be viewed at any time?
		-	how do you make the window go away?
			*	it can be minimized?
				-	what does that look like attached to resurrect prompt
				-	what does that look like when no resurrect is possible?
	-	can you resurrect when the window is open?
	-	what about that other "death" window? does the death recap replace it?

---

## [2014-02-11 12:34] eso

purchased a new computer monitor for home

---

## [2014-02-11 12:34] eso

creating lo-fi scenario for Death recap window in FW

---

## [2014-02-11 15:56] eso

working on layout and scenario for Death Recap

---

## [2014-02-11 17:16] eso

viable layout solution, refining it

---

## [2014-02-12 10:02] eso

tightening up death recap layout before reviewing w Chris, Eric & Chip

---

## [2014-02-12 12:31] eso

exported gfx from FW for external presentation

---

## [2014-02-12 14:30] eso

good feedback on death recap. Doing more iteration to capture

---

## [2014-02-12 15:09] eso

Ed brought up a great idea about grouping ability icons on the HUD. Take a look at how Wind Waker (Nintendo title) clusters abilities based on actuial controller layout on the HUD

---

## [2014-02-14 11:10] eso

revising death recap window design based on CHip's feedback yesterday
Will start on ESO-CONSOLE Character Create this afternoon and get that stood up this weekend

---

## [2014-02-14 15:25] eso

reviewind wip death recap - favorable. need to make it look nice for all use cases. Some uncertainty amongst the group about how the window gets invoked/revoked. We'll figure it out

---

## [2014-02-14 15:35] eso

modified item layout
swapping in real data to see if it works
ETA 1hr

---

## [2014-02-14 16:38] eso

plausible layout completed
making modifications to hints
need to provide use cases for 1-up to 4-up

---

## [2014-02-14 17:58] eso

Death recap is ready to handoff to Marc for visual design

---

## [2014-02-17 09:46] eso

exporting PSD for handoff to Marc for visual design

---

## [2014-02-17 10:16] eso

continuing character creation skethes

---

## [2014-02-17 10:21] eso

re-installing mind manager

---

## [2014-02-17 10:24] eso

Race
Class
Body
Face

Race
Class
Body Type
Body
Face Type
Face

Race
Class
Body Type
Body Details
Face Type
Facial Details

---

## [2014-02-17 10:55] eso

check with Eric about use case Chip brought ip when a player falls of the edge of the world
-	what to show for death line item?
-	what to show for hint?

---

## [2014-02-17 10:57] eso

check with Nick about ESO-286292
- in Character Stats Screen when allocating points to Magicka should Spell Damage
 value increase?

---

## [2014-02-17 15:08] eso

making some edits to death recap based on feedback

---

## [2014-02-17 17:09] eso

chatted w Chris and Eric about that death recap window
provided alternate list-based layout for a/b comparison
consensus was to make edits to my initial design rather change approach

---

## [2014-02-18 17:09] eso

making small tweak to death recap
have really not gotten much accomplished on character creation today
started on FW documents and will get a good work session on this tonight

---

## [2014-02-18 17:46] eso

need to look at character creation on Skyrim Xbox.
-	When does keyboard get invoked?
-	What happens if USB keyboard is connected to system?

---

## [2014-02-19 10:09] eso

working on character creation wireframe. my goal is to finish this today
x	nav1
-	create widgets for placing in panels
-	race panel
-	class panel
-	figure panel
-	body panel
-	head panel
-	features panel
-	eyes panel
-	ears panel
-	nose panel
-	mouth panel
-	flow diagram
-	player name entry behavior
-	profile selection behavior

---

## [2014-02-19 11:10] eso

mapping out catagories and widgets for grouping. Some of the ESO widget lists are very long and I'm wondering if that can be addressed by increasing the number of nav1 categories

---

## [2014-02-19 12:01] eso

completed mapping categories and controls, making edits to nav1 in wireframe

---

## [2014-02-19 16:59] eso

IG presentation went well
These wireframes will go quicker if I stop trying to design them and just get stuff placed on screen first. Just saying

---

## [2014-02-20 14:57] eso

working on color picker for character creation
not sure if I should be using a color grid to represent 20 colors or should be using a horizontal list
On the one hand - the grid of colors allows you to see at a glance what colors are available
- because there are 20 available, a linear array will take time to traverse
-
go with the grid idea. but is it a line of items (easier to place an arbitrary number of items)
or is it a 2D grid? quicker navigation, but takes up more room?

---

## [2014-02-20 15:50] eso

started PS4 controller config doc. Wish I had similar artwork for the xbox controller but simply not able to find anything from Microsoft. Just placing the asset and transcribing control scheme from spreadsheet to prepare the doc for layout

---

## [2014-02-20 16:28] eso

grouped control labels by type and color coded tem

---

## [2014-02-20 16:40] eso

I finished basic layout for character creation and need to handle the special cases and finish the flow diagram
-	flow diagram
	-	no existing characters
		-	first time through
	-	with existing characters
		-	moving between character select and character create
	-	finalizing a character
		-	enter character name upon finalizing?
		-	use fluid multilevel select to enter character name?
			-	makes it possible to change character name at any time
	-	choose character template (for developers)
			-	use face button?
			-	use fluid multilevel select?
	-	randomizing a character
	-	locking

---

## [2014-02-20 16:52] eso

QA feedback from Bethesda (Rockville)
Least liked features of controls
-	Controls for dodge and sneak are universally disliked as too cumbersome to use
-	Current button mapping for abilities feels awkward.
	-	Using X and B on XB1 (Square and Circle on PS4) for abilities is not a natural finger placement as they are on opposite sides. X/Y or Y/B (Square/Triangle or Triangle/Circle on PS4) make more sense
	-	Testers frequently pressed the wrong button for abilities
	-	Testers would prefer A/Cross acts as jump, X/Square act as interact (current scheme is Y/Triangle for jump, A/Cross for interact)
-	Most menus felt too buried, requiring lots of time to do simple tasks
	-	Leveling up and slotting abilities can take 8+ actions to do
	-	Frustrating in a game where pausing is not an option

---

## [2014-02-20 23:37] eso

created a PS4 dashboard-like scenario for picking templates. probably too clever, but it led to a similar idea that is less clever

---

## [2014-02-20 23:44] eso

well I dunno - that "clever" solution is useful . it doesn't clutter the hint bar, for one thing, especially because the same button that I'd thought to use for "pick" template can instead be mapped to "randomize"

I'm going to go with that solution, while recognizing that others are p(ossible. No need to over think this developer-facing feature. And I need to wrap up this design and start woking on Skills)

---

## [2014-02-21 10:09] eso

I'm moving on to the Skills wireframe design. There remain outstanding issues with Character Create that are simple, but I need to create more content instead of iterating further right now. Itemized those concerns are:
-	flow diagram
-	randomize character button
-	rethink character template selection
	(note that these templates effectively lock choice of race and alliance)
	-	place it as an option under race? YES
	-	create a seperate category in nav 1 for chooing a character template? NO

---

## [2014-02-21 13:26] eso

capturing loading screen images for xbox/ps4 dashboard splash images
working with Dan Coleman at IG to get the and the dashboard icons I created integrated into their builds

---

## [2014-02-22 14:51] eso

working on skills wireframe
I know how to navigate the skill categories, but what does the skill list itself look like?
-	all skills and their locked/purchasable/maxed state should be visible at one
-	all skills should show icons

---

## [2014-02-22 15:56] eso

I've got 3 potential list solutions, all with benefits and issues.
Why is the skill name relevant?
	-	can skill name be shown only on the tooltip?
	-	is it important to see a list of skill names?

---

## [2014-02-22 17:24] eso

Can skills be represented in a list entirely by icon with tooltip support for name and details?
What does Diablo do?
It shows skill icons and displays details for the focused item
However Diablo isn't the appropriate reference here as its required to show relative progression at a glance between all the skills in each category

---

## [2014-02-22 20:16] eso

I've modified the list layout to signify:
-	focused skill
-	skill type (ultimate, active, passive)
-	skill name
-	skill progression
-	purchasable
-	morphable

---

## [2014-02-22 21:16] eso

working on list scroll behavior

---

## [2014-02-22 21:29] eso

list scrolling needs further attention to signify focused item
look to Skyrim and PS3 dashboard for guidance

---

## [2014-02-22 21:46] eso

Ah crap, the navigation is more complex than I recognized. It has 3 levels, not 2
In keeping with simplifying the controls used to navigate, it may be more reasonable to use a 2 column layout with no L2/R2 catagory navigation
In this scenario, you'd scroll through Nav2 vertically, and access the nav3 contents horizontally. nav1 would be relegated to some kind of column header for Nav2. Not directly interactable.
What's wrong with that idea?
-	In order to access Craft skills from Class skills, you'd have to scroll vertically through something like 3 + 6 + 3 + 1 + 2 + 2 + 1 items. That's 18 items! That's too much.

The better idea is to allow navigating thru categories as previously expected using L2/R2, however the navigation is presented in a 2 column grid


<	CLASS	>
> Aedric Spear		Ultimate Ability
Dawn's Wrath		Passive Abilities <...>
Restoring light		Passive Abilities <...>

---

## [2014-02-23 12:59] eso

working on list styling and behavior

---

## [2014-02-23 15:29] eso

working on skills wireframes layout in FW
I'm wondering if the context switch betweek skills and abilities could be exposed as fluid navigation? I was thinking that pressing triangle would switch you back and forth but what if left and right did so instead?
It would mean that both contexts could be shown at once
The drawback to making the abilityu bar available on Triangle is that it is hidden. The only way you know its there is by reading the hint bar instead of the screen.

---

## [2014-02-23 16:38] eso

finshed ability bar layout (whatever the context)
optimized FW styles and grouping to optimize workflow

---

## [2014-02-23 17:11] eso

finished tooltip layout

---

## [2014-02-23 17:13] eso

I need to show how to choose a skill from the ability bar

---

## [2014-02-23 17:42] eso

mapped out an idea for skill selection from ability bar. interesting

---

## [2014-02-23 17:47] eso

mapped out another idea using discrete navigation
its cleaner. simpler
my only concern with it how do I know that I can toggle between skills view and ability select view?

---

## [2014-02-23 17:50] eso

Another possible view would be to include ability bars in the skill tree list, accessible by scrolling
(obviously requires)

---

## [2014-02-23 18:02] eso

and another possibility. including in existing list is very clean. invoking the ability bar setup using triangle auto scrolls the list to the ability bar setcion

---

## [2014-02-23 22:34] eso

Ability bar needs to be modal so it can be invoked at any time
Adding skill lines to layout

---

## [2014-02-23 22:41] eso

adding skill categories to layout

---

## [2014-02-23 22:49] eso

adding ability bar modal panel

---

## [2014-02-23 23:13] eso

referencing Skyrim. navigation branching is shown one at a time

---

## [2014-02-23 23:15] eso

context switching using L2/R2 becomes indeterminate when introducing branches as Skyrim does

---

## [2014-02-24 10:21] eso

took a look at alternate ability layout on Ryan's devkit. Obviously needs HUD support but my hands automatically knew what to do. Will integrate those mappi9ngs into a version of controller diagram

---

## [2014-02-24 10:21] eso

working on Skills wireframe
x	show current skill line level and progress
-	show available skill points/skyshards
-	switch between skill tree and ability bar contexts
-	assign skills from ability bar context
-	purchase skill dialog
-	morph skill dialog
-	place controller icon hints

---

## [2014-02-24 10:41] eso

revising skill list layout

---

## [2014-02-24 11:58] eso

completed solution for showing level and progress of current skill line. Revising wireframes to include

---

## [2014-02-24 14:03] eso

revising skill tree scroll

---

## [2014-02-24 14:07] eso

providing Dan Coleman with alternative bkg content img

---

## [2014-02-24 14:18] eso

back to skill tree scroll. almost done

---

## [2014-02-24 14:28] eso

finished revised tree scroll. better. tighter.
integrating into layout

---

## [2014-02-24 15:38] eso

UI've got 2 competing patterns for ability bar assign, which will also be used for upgrade/morph skills. Not sure which one is appropriate, so maintining both for the moment

---

## [2014-02-24 15:54] eso

the original pattern feels better, especially with the cleaned up listing. keep doing that

---

## [2014-02-24 15:55] eso

working on showing available skill points
need to modify layout of L2/R2 carousel to make it align nicely

---

## [2014-02-24 20:55] eso

added skill point counter

---

## [2014-02-24 21:50] eso

added ability bar panel
working on ability bar list
its going to be a list of all abilities that copuld go into that slot, which is verbose, but also provides a great deal of depth

---

## [2014-02-24 23:24] eso

creating scenarios
x	browse skill categories
x	browse skill line
x	enter skill tree
x	assign to empty slot
x	inspect ability bar
x	inspect and browse ability bar

---

## [2014-02-25 01:58] eso

need to design interactions for purchase and upgrade. I have an idea for it. tired though

---

## [2014-02-25 08:32] eso

after working through some scenarios, I realized that allowing nav1 to update while inside of nav3 looks and feels confusing. In looking at the various states I can'tthink of a useful case in which you would be inside of a skill tree and browsing through skill categories.

---

## [2014-02-25 08:34] eso

revise scenarios to defocus nav1 when in skill tree

---

## [2014-02-25 09:03] eso

I;m going to place the ability bar widgets as persistent parts of nav2, meaning that while focused on nav2 you can scroll down to access the ability bar

this opens the possibility of assigning skills by category. once you've entered the ability bar widget. I think its useful to do so, because you may enter this screen simply to reassign skill sto your ability bar, rather than inspecting individual skills in the matrix.

---

## [2014-02-25 09:20] eso

modifying inspect and browse abilities scenario
-	will need to modify other van2 lists to include tha ability widgets

---

## [2014-02-25 10:06] eso

ability bar shouldn't scroll with list of skill lines but should become abailable when scrolled to the bottom of that list

---

## [2014-02-25 10:26] eso

need to revise inscpect abilities scenario to use new placement of ability bar. present this functionality first, and then mention, "but what if I could assign a skill from here?

---

## [2014-02-25 11:25] eso

adding revised ability bar to scenarios and masking nav2 lists to avoid overlap where necessary

---

## [2014-02-25 12:42] eso

adding purchase ability scenario

---

## [2014-02-25 12:55] eso

adding nmorph ability scenario

---

## [2014-02-25 13:14] eso

completed ability purchase and morph secenarios. Refining ability purchase then starting file output

---

## [2014-02-25 13:49] eso

created assets for review session
installing irfanview on that machine

---

## [2014-02-25 16:07] eso

review went well

---

## [2014-02-25 17:37] eso

figured out solid workflow fopr bitmap export from visio
working on controller config diagram

---

## [2014-02-26 00:37] eso

working on controller config layout

---

## [2014-02-26 10:45] eso

experimenting with xpadder, which lets you map game controller to keyboard. Wondering if I can srtart using Axure to create prototypes and convey nagigational themes more intuitively

---

## [2014-02-26 10:57] eso

this is totally going to work

---

## [2014-02-26 11:20] eso

working through Axure 7 repeater tutorial

---

## [2014-02-26 14:02] eso

I've got a simple interaction being controlled by xbox game controller in Axure. so exciting

---

## [2014-02-26 15:53] eso

finished up some additional visualization with my font metrics data.

---

## [2014-02-26 15:54] eso

cleaning up character creation IA diagram based on discussion w Brent. The goal is to work from broad strokes to fine details. Color and adornment have been broken out into their own widget stack

---

## [2014-02-26 17:18] eso

revised character creation IA diagram

---

## [2014-02-26 17:51] eso

new xbox assets
organizing my folder structure

---

## [2014-02-27 00:29] eso

playing with Axure repeater and game controller

---

## [2014-02-27 10:53] eso

defining sprint tasks
Release 14 Sprint 2
sprint ends: 3/21/2014

As a designer I want all wireframe layouts to be visually consistent and easily editable
-	Revise all wireframes to use full screen width and consistent metrics for font and layout
5h

As a player I want to see how buttons are mapped to the controller
-	create controller diagram incorporating current mapping scheme
5h

As a developer I want to choose a predefined character template when I create a new character
-	revise character creation design to include character tenmplate selection
3h

As a player I want to trade items with others
-	revise inventory design to include scenario for trading items
12h

As a player I want to place items in the bank
-	revise inventory design to include scenario for banking
8h

As a player I want to pick up loot in the world
-	revise inventory design to include scenario for loot pickup
8h

As a designer I want a unified hint bar
-	create hint bar design that incorporates the following:
	-	unified approach to button usage for primary actions, secondary actions, options, and chat
	-	social notifiers (messages, mail, notifications)
8h

As a player I want to chat when I'm in front end screens
-	create wireframes for text & voice chat UI
20h

As a designer I need to know what the UI looks like
-	visual design for Inventory
-	visual design for Skills
-	visual design for Character Creation
-	visual design for Player Menu
estimate: unknown

As an external developer I want to see documentation that communicates my client's vision for the UI
-	collate UI design audit
-	review UI design audit w ZOS
-	review UI design audit with IG
20h

Task total 89h

---

## [2014-02-27 13:06] eso

organizing my mind manager documentation into a shared workspace

---

## [2014-02-27 13:54] eso

I organized everything. its super-slick. now I just have to do the work

---

## [2014-02-27 15:25] eso

refining spreadsheet and extracting information from font metric data to determine preliminary font metrics scale

---

## [2014-02-27 23:55] eso

so it's Futura Medium COndensed where all the win happens. PRecommend that we switch over to that typeface

---

## [2014-02-28 11:11] eso

new FW funtionality granted by extensions. Timesavers?
Commands->Objects->Tile Objects (duplicate as grid)
Commands->Objects->Tile Objects (position existing objects)
Commands->Guides around selection
Commands->Guides->Copy from master Page
Commands->Guides->Copy from Page
Commands->Guides->Copy to Page

---

