# Raw Entries for November 2015

**Total Entries:** 22
**Projects:** eso, skinjester.com work

---

## [2015-11-05 13:43] eso

SCT
SUBTITLES
??? Maelstrom Arena?
??? Prophet Quest


LOOT HISTORY
)create 68115 24
)cast 54

JAPANESE SUPPORT
	)zset language.2 fr
	de
	en

	how to demonstrate IME?

AVA QUEUE TIMERS
PRODUCT ANNOUNCEMENT DIALOG


Start in Theatre mode, demo some features then trigger the theatre event to show off subtitles


JAPANESE SUPPORT
)zset language.2 fr
de
en
jp

Opens Theatre
)jump wloc 76 34594 87752 33495 51.94
)doactionlist p 73015

Loot history demo
)create 68115 24
)cast 54


COMPLETED FEATURES
	Crown Store
	-	DLC Purchase Support
	-	Item Tags (New, Limited Time, Featured)
	-	Product Announcement Dialog

	SCT
	Thieves Guild: Book quest bestowal
	Champion Point Cap
	Leaderboards
		-	what?
	PC Gamepad Support
	Loot History for PC
	Tresspassing
	Japanese Text Support
	Crown & Membership display on Player Menu
	AVA Queue timers


IN PROGRESS
	Soul Reservoir system for Trials
	Guild Bank Tabs
	Craft Bag
	Barbershop
	Buff/Debuff on the HUD
	Character Names for Console
	Thieves Guild Skills
	LFG improvements
	Guildfinder
	Hats for sale
	Personalities for sale



DEMO CANDIDATES

Product Announcement Dialog
Japanese Support
Crown & Membership display on Player Menu
Inventory Attribute Comparison
Subtitles
Loot History PC
PC Gamepad Support
SCT
Shield Dyeing
DLC Purchase Support
Item Tags



)jump wloc 76 34594 87752 33495 51.94
)doactionlist p 73015

We're in luck, I think I can get the scene to play out on demand.
The repro should be simple:
Presuming you mean the Dragonfire event.
If you wanted to get the quest and run through it normally, you can use the following steps:
)quest grant 4831
)jump   harb (with    being AD, EP, or DC depending what alliance your character is)


The first companion, Lyris Titanborn, daughter of giants, was the mightiest warrior in the service of the Emperor

Next, Abnur Tharn, a powerful sorcerer and grand Chancellor of the Imperial Edler Council

The Redguard swordmaster Sai Sahan, leader of the Imperial Dragonguard

The Imperial Emperor, Varen Aquilarios, who attempted to light the Dragonfires and failed

And finally, Manni



THE HARBORAGE TRAITORS THEATRICAL
)jump wloc 76 34594 87752 33495 51.94

---

## [2015-11-08 13:52] skinjester.com work

Speaking from the future and looking back at this, Everything I did here was cool and effective. Moved to localhost on new configuration and figuring out how everything works again. I want to add some new content - the deepdreaming material locally and submit thhose changes to the web. Thea and I worked through this all day yesterday.

---

## [2015-11-08 13:55] skinjester.com work

-	does the database have to be recreated each time?

---

## [2015-11-08 14:26] skinjester.com work

creating test wp install locally and on the web

---

## [2015-11-08 15:23] skinjester.com work

changed skinjester.com wp-config file to use new path to db, previous path worked but was deprecated

---

## [2015-11-09 10:08] eso

looking at 64-bit Customer Service Revision

Acceptance Criteria:
Knowledge Base
-	force this out to a web browser
	-	??? can browser be launched directly from in-game
Ticket Submission
-	share ticket submission UI w consoles
-	add the following for PC/CONSOLE
	-	categorization dropdown
		-	I think we have this already in the Awesomium UI
		-	??? What categories?
	-	Text input box that allows players to enter whatever info they deem important


This is the current setup on console:

Email Address (text field)
Issue Category (dropdown)
-	Character
-	Quest
	-	Quest Name (text field)
-	Item
	-	Item Name (text field)
-	Report Player
	-	Issue (dropdown)
		-	Inappropriate Name
		-	Harassment
		-	Cheating
		-	Other
	-	Player Name (text field)
-	Additional Information (text field)

---

## [2015-11-09 10:15] eso

TO DO

-	read through Housing Design
-	read through Hats/Personalities Design
-	Speak w Mandi Parker about Instance Control Timer request
-	UI Sprint Planning
x	Writeup revisions to Soul Reservoir based on conversation w Mike & kent

---

## [2015-11-09 10:48] eso

SOUL RESERVOIR NOTES

-	counter should decrement
-	replace VITALITY BONUS STAT w CURRENT SCORE stat
-	Verify that the completion screen includes all relevant criteria
	-	TOTAL SCORE
	-	VITALITY BONUS
		-	LIFE COUNT
		-	BONUS VALUE
	-	ELAPSED TIME

---

## [2015-11-09 10:52] eso

adding some detail for Soul Reservoir design to handoff to Kent

---

## [2015-11-09 19:59] skinjester.com work

have figured out workflow to push from localhost to webhost using Duplicator plugin

---

## [2015-11-09 20:49] skinjester.com work

ACCESS
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VGSbz_P9Z2oZOKanF_UclTm3NCfLfeg0GR2SVVUR4A4/edit


CONTROL PANEL

control panel: https://www.websitesettings.com/
username: [REDACTED]
password: [REDACTED]

FTP INFORMATION

FTP server: ftp2.ftptoyoursite.com
username: [REDACTED]
password: [REDACTED]
FTP path: /www.skinjester.com/web/content/
port: 22

DOMAIN RECORD

You'll need to login to your account at the domain registrar where your domain is currently registered and update the domain record to change the primary and secondary name servers to the following:
dns1.stabletransit.com
dns2.stabletransit.com

DOMAIN REGISTRAR

Network Solutions
username: [REDACTED]
password: [REDACTED]

WORDPRESS DATABASE

database name
437254_skinjester_db

database username
437254_gboodhoo

database password
Skinjester4

database hostname
mysql51-020.wc1.dfw1.stabletransit.com

DATABASE MANAGEMENT

PHPMYADMIN
https://mysql.dfw1-1.websitesettings.com/

database username
437254_gboodhoo

database password
Skinjester4

---

## [2015-11-09 21:34] skinjester.com work

arghhhh]
fucked up the live database during import
the Duplicator plugin can't handle the large file export,
fixing it


http://localhost/skinjester
http://skinjester.com

---

## [2015-11-09 22:02] skinjester.com work

fixed

---

## [2015-11-11 10:29] eso

SELLING ESO PLUS MEMBERSHIP & CROWN PACKS IN THE STORE

DEDICATED CATEGOR

need screenshots:
PS4 first party store
PS4 dashboard
XBA first party store
XB1 dashboard
Web Store


ESO Plus is our premium membership service. Sign up now to recieve in-game benefits that let you get the most out of your journeys in Tamriel. Members receive increased experience, faster crafting progression and bonus gold along with access to all available DLC Game Packs and a monthly allotment of 1500 Crowns

---

## [2015-11-12 10:13] eso

Cursory glance at other store fronts show BENEFITS persistently available at every point in the purchase funnel

PRINCIPLES
Benefits purchase is available from any oint in the ourchase funnel

---

## [2015-11-12 12:41] eso

DESIGN LEADS MEETING

GARY
Crown Pack/ESO Plus in Store (design in progress)(review next Tuesday)
Hats (design pending)
Personalities (design pending)


BOBBY
UI Awesomium Removal for 64-bit Client (design completed)
Poison Making (design pending)
Buff/Debuff Update (stretch goal)(design in progress)
LFG 2.0 (design support)
SCT (design support)

JASON
AvA Respawn Timers (design in progress)
AvA Forward Camp Cooldown Timer (design pending)
VR Removal (design completed)

CHIP
Japanese support (implemenation in progress)
SCT (cleanup pending)

KENT
Soul Reservoir (implementation in progress)
Universal Style Item (implementation in progress)
Thieves Guild Skill Line (implementation pending)

BEN
Craft Bags (implementation in progress)

DAN
LFG 2.0 (implementation in progress)

IG
Quest Bestowal from Collectibles (implementated)
Portable Fence (prototype is on dev now)
Portable Banker/Vendor
Activatable Collectibles


UPCOMING REVIEWS/MEETINGS

	CHARACTER SLOTS
	meeting today to review Lee's design

	CROWN STORE BI
	meeting next week

	CROWN PACK/ESO PLUS IN STORE
	meeting next week

	UI AWESOMIUM REMOVAL FOR 64-BIT CLIENT
	reviewing updated customer support design today





X64-BIT CLIENT
Bobby (design pending)

POISON MAKING
Bobby (design pending)

SOUL RESERVOIR
Kent (implementation in progress)

CROWN PACK/ESO PLUS IN STORE
Gary (design in progress)(review next Tuesday)

HATS
Gary (design pending)

VR REMOVAL
Jason (design completed)

BUFF/DEBUFF UPDATE
Bobby (stretch goal)(design in progress)

PERSONALITIES
Gary (design pending)

SCT
Bobby/Chip (bug fixes)

LFG 2.0
Bobby (design support)
Dan (implementation in progress)

JAPANESE SUPPORT
Chip (implemenation in progress)

CRAFT BAGS
Ben (implementation in progress)

QUEST BESTOWAL FROM COLLECTIBLES
Justin (done)

PORTABLE FENCE
rough prototype on dev now
IG

PORTABLE BANKER/VENDOR
IG

ACTIVATABLE COLLECTIBLES
IG

UNIVERSAL STYLE ITEM
Kent (implementation in progress)

THIEVES GUILD SKILL LINE
Kent (implementation pending)

AVA RESPAWN TIMERS
Jason (design in progress)

AVA FORWARD CAMP COOLDOWN TIMER
Jason (design pending)

---

## [2015-11-16 11:25] eso

standing up PC design for ESO Plus

---

## [2015-11-16 13:43] eso

ESO Plus is our premium membership service. Sign up now to recieve in-game benefits that let you get the most out of your journeys in Tamriel. Members receive increased experience, faster crafting progression and bonus gold along with access to all available DLC Game Packs and a monthly allotment of 1500 Crowns

Use Crowns to purchase mounts, pets, costumes, and more virtual goods in-game.

Crowns cannot be traded or gifted.

---

## [2015-11-16 15:30] eso

PC
how do I access the features?
	-	Buy Crowns
	-	Purchase Membership

I'm already an ESO Plus member - what do I see?

I'm purchasing something but I don't have enough crowns
	-	 how do we sell crowns from the Purchase funnel?

Where do I land after purchasing Crowns?
	-	show solo product page

Where do I land after purchasing Membership?
	-	show solo product page


CONSOLE
how do I access the features?
-	TWO APPROACHES
	-	dedicated "drawer" contains functionality, accessible from any category by scrolling to the top of the view
	-	2 new categories added to the top level store menu (as on PC)
		-	potential accessibility issues with this approach

	-	Buy Crowns
	-	Purchase Membership

I'm already an ESO Plus member - what do I see?

I'm purchasing something but I don't have enough crowns
	-	 how do we sell crowns from the Purchase funnel?

Where do I land after purchasing Crowns?
	-	show solo product page

Where do I land after purchasing Membership?
	-	show solo product page

---

## [2015-11-16 16:23] eso

You do not have enough Crowns to complete this purchase. Would you like to buy more Crowns?

---

## [2015-11-16 17:35] eso

WHAT ARE THE EXISTING STORE CATEGORIES?

SPECIAL OFFERS
DLC
UPGRADES
UTILITY
COSTUMES
CRAFTING
MOUNTS
PETS

Black Fredas

---

## [2015-11-17 14:19] eso

starting on Portable Banker Design
reading doc

-	purchase this from Crown Store
	-	exists within UPGRADES category, under subcategory PORTABLE ASISTANTS
	-	one time purchase, bound to account (any of a player's characters can use it)

-	only visible to the player character that summoned it

-	speaking to the banker opens an NPC dialog window
	-	Bank
	-	Goodbye
	-	Put Banker Away


The Portable Banker is a method by which the player can work with their Account Bank. Players can summon the Portable Banker as often as they like, with no cool down.

Purchased from the Crown Store. Available to all characters on a player account.

---

