# Raw Entries for July 2015

**Total Entries:** 10
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2015-07-07 15:45] eso

USE CASE: TUTORIAL

Whoa there, are you alright?
The name's Lyris
I hope you've still got some fight in you, you're going to need it
Dead, must have been the runt of the litter
Keep your weapon ready and stay sharp, this place is full of surprises
Keep moving there are more Daedra on the way
Let's get out of here my friend
Lyris: The Prophet!
The Prophet: Greetings Vestige, like you I am a prisoner in this place
The Propher: You must rescue me, and I in turn, must rescue you

---

## [2015-07-09 15:56] eso

USE CASE: THE FIVE COMPANIONS

(specify dialog)

---

## [2015-07-12 15:42] eso

We're in luck, I think I can get the scene to play out on demand.
The repro should be simple:
)jump wloc 76 34594 87752 33495 51.94
)doactionlist p 73015
Presuming you mean the Dragonfire event.
If you wanted to get the quest and run through it normally, you can use the following steps:
)quest grant 4831
)jump   harb (with    being AD, EP, or DC depending what alliance your character is)


The first companion, Lyris Titanborn, daughter of giants, was the mightiest warrior in the service of the Emperor

Next, Abnur Tharn, a powerful sorcerer and grand Chancellor of the Imperial Edler Council

The Redguard swordmaster Sai Sahan, leader of the Imperial Dragonguard

The Imperial Emperor, Varen Aquilarios, who attempted to light the Dragonfires and failed

And finally, Mannimarco the traitor. The King of Worms. A powerful necromancer, and your executioner

---

## [2015-07-14 11:26] eso

http://fast.fonts.net/cssapi/9a95417c-9338-48da-be2b-eef4b3e11c68.css

---

## [2015-07-14 18:17] eso

(7/14/2015 4:31 PM) Jeremy Sera:
you should check out maelstrom arena
)jump maelstrom

This conversation is being saved in your Outlook Inbox folder.
(7/14/2015 4:35 PM) Jeremy Sera:
actually try a specific arena
)jump ma7
-make sure you're not non
-)cast robsbuff
there is an announcer, round text, ambient shouts (flavor, hit, and been hit), and boss aggros. a fair amount going on

---

## [2015-07-16 15:21] eso

Customer support is only available in PC mode

---

## [2015-07-20 10:13] eso

Looking at Champion Point Cap proposal

Goal1
	Cap the number of points a player can earn
	-	how does player know where the cap is?
	-	what if player points overflow the cap?

	// can be solved with showing a meter as I previously sketched out on the champion point screen

	// is there value in showing champion point value elsewhere?
	-	main menu?

Goal2
	allow player with a lower amount of champion points an accelerated gain rate
	-	do players need to know the gain rate?
		- 	what can they do with that information?
		-	how would that information affect their gameplay

	// The gain rate can be inferred by watching the champion point meter. Its increase would appear nonlinear

Design
	-	UI for champion screen shows current points/maximum points
	-	state change when player hits the cap
	-	cap is increased when each major update is added so the player has
	-	On release of champion caps we give everyone a respec
		// not sure what that means - on release? does that mean when the cap is increase?
	-	There is a unique center screen message when player
	hits the cap
		// "Maximum Champion Points Achieved"
	-	There is a unique sound that plays when thee player hits the cap

---

## [2015-07-20 14:25] eso

The workflow for redistributing points seems unreasonably complicated for a yes/no choice

When I haven't allocated any points - for example, when I enter the screen for the first time - I shouldn't have a choice to redistribute points (there's nothing to redistribute - yet I will still be charged gold for redistributing)

---

## [2015-07-22 11:09] eso

Looking at Champion Point progression by leveling up a new character in stages

points are earned in sequential order by the Major Constellations
-	the 1st point will be earned in the Warrior Constellation
-	the 2nd point is earned in the Thief constellation
-	the 3rd point is earned in the Mage constellation

Points are spent within the Minor Constellations

---

## [2015-07-22 17:23] eso

Di8fficult day, but gettingbetter. Discussed Champion screen redesign w Jason

As a player, I need to know where I can allocate Champion points
As a player, I need to know how many champion points I can allocate
As a player, I need to know the total number of points I've earneddo you
As a player, I need to know the value of the leveling cap
As a player, I need to know when the points I've earned are above the level cap

---

