# Raw Entries for October 2015

**Total Entries:** 15
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2015-10-05 14:33] eso

10/6 PO report

Japanese text support
Crown Store customer experience presentation
ongoing bug fixing
-	LFG 1.5
-	assorted map/quest bugs
Waiting for new dev build to playtest new SCT system
Adding dialog support for Welcome Back Weekend
Continued systemic design for charactername/userID support
Finished modifications to Lootdrop. Even better now
Adding crown balance to Player menu
Adding new Crown store category for ESO Plus Membership and Crown package purchase
Designing HUD support for buff/debuff
Added suport for jumping to specific market products from prompts in the game
Revised Crown Store category sorting. Better now.
Removed spurious sub-categories from Crown Store featured category

---

## [2015-10-06 11:22] eso

check these stories on console in focus test room

Can/Should Customers be guided to their account details from dashboard?
Can Customers can purchase crown packs from dashboard?
Can customers know ESO Plus membership status on the dashboard?

---

## [2015-10-07 11:39] eso

PTS bug Inventory Stacking
I can hit the stack all button and magically get 2 stacks of the selected item
I have a stack of 200 and a stack of 31
When I move the stack manually it swaps back to the correct numbers

PC Gamepad UI: Crown Store: Player can't navigate Crown Store with Controller in Gamepad Mode: Bottom button strip is Keyboard UI and top strip is Gamepad UI: Also occurs in Featured Products window

---

## [2015-10-08 16:26] eso

UI Design Questions: RAIDS

- What number(s) do we display to players (Current score + elapsed time?)
- Where to display them? (HUD? Leaderboard? Death Recap?)
- Do we message   lives used?
- How? (Chat message? Leaderboard? Death Recap?)

*	DON'T SHOW ELAPSED TIME ON THE HUD
*	DON'T
*	SHOW SOUL RESERVOIR UI ELEMENT ON HUD

---

## [2015-10-13 09:47] eso

PO Report

SCT Playtest
-	generally positive feedback
Newness applied to Collections system end to end
-	we are providing explicit visual cues to players indicating where newly collected items can be found
Black Fredas Crown Store Bundle
Customer Experience matrix
-	presented to Rich, Chris, Lee, Doug
-	incorporating feedback for presentation to Matt F and Marketing group
-	making large format prints for distribution
PTS feedback
-	feedback for gamepad UI, loot drop and inventory stats is encouraging
-	still hearing about the announcement dialog spamming players. I'm told this has been addressed on the server side
Started engineering work on Crafting Bags
Continued engineering work for Japanese text support

---

## [2015-10-13 10:09] eso

spoke w Robbie about group revives during raids
narrative conceit
-	reviving hurts the group
-	its as if the "revive" button was electrified
	-	each time a group member revives, everyone feels a bit of pain

mechanical
-	the penalty for reviving is that a bonus pool is depleted every time a group member revives
-	this bonus pool is used as a multiplier to a base score to derive a final score
	-	the final score is what is shown on the leaderboard
	-	depleting the bonus pool reduces the final score
-	center screen messaging is used to show additional points gained upon boss kill
-	should

---

## [2015-10-20 10:21] eso

PO Report

Continued engineering work for Japanese text support
Continued engineering/investigation work for Craft Bags
Documentation and cleanup for SCT
PO review for AvA queue timer updates today
PO review for Jump to Crown Store item from in-game today
PO review for Crown balance on main menu today
-	PC layout is questionable. wtf was I thinking?
PO review Crown Store announcements today
Quest bestowal fron Collectables UI completed, meeting to discuss back end
Kicking off Store Timer UI
Completed UI design revision for "soul reservoir", currently being implemented
Started UI design for Portable Fence
Started UI design for Universal Style Items
Ongoing design work for buff/debuff readout
Added timer and additional messaging to Fence UI

---

## [2015-10-20 11:02] eso

Soul Reservoir
Controls the display of the soul reservoir. When automatic display is selected the soul reservoir will only appear in useful situations like when the soul count changes


Group Revive Counter
Controls the display of the group revive counter. When automatic display is selected the revive counter only appears when a group member revives.

---

## [2015-10-21 10:16] eso

PORTABLE FENCE DESIGN

- The Portable Fence cannot clear your bounty.
- The Portable Fence cannot launder goods; you can only sell your stolen stuff to it.
- When you sell goods to the Portable Fence, you get less money than if you sold to a proper, stationary Fence. (The amount of the cut is data-defined.)
- All mention of Cooldowns has been removed. Future Assistants, like the Portable Banker and Vendor, won’t need it – and the Portable Fence has other limitations that encourage the player to use the proper Fences now. So, why spend time making something we’d use once, if then?
- Portable Fences specifically draw on the same ‘pool’ of items that you can sell to Fences in a day.
- I’ve added a line or two mentioning that we’d like to do a Portable Banker and Portable Vendor in the future. The exact designs of those are TBD, of course, but they should be kept in mind as we start developing this tech.
- I added a note to the Art section about the Backpack Scamp that Mike Phillips mentioned, noting it as a good candidate to become the Portable Fence NPC.

---

## [2015-10-21 17:32] eso

Working on the PC collection window and incorporating a new Assistants category
-	How do I get the Portable Fence Collectible?
	-	Its a reward for completing the Thieves Guild Questline
	-	How do I know I've recieved the reward?
		-	Center Screen announcement communicates the reward to the player
		-	A notification is sent to the player
	-	A new category is added to the Collection UI

-	How do I know if I can use an assistant?
	-	Do I own it?
	-	Can I purchase it?
		-	No. It's a reward for completing a quest
	-	What if my character is dead?
	-	What if my character is swimming?

-	How do I know if an assistant is already in use?
	-	need to see this without hovering over it
		-	use the existing design language and show a check mark

-	If the assistant is already in use, how do I put it away?
	-	include a PUT AWAY option in the conversation dialog
	-	include a PUT AWAY keybind in the collection UI


-	What happens when the assistant goes away?
	-	What if I previously had an active pet?
		-	does the pet come back? Is it active again?
		-	do I have to reactivate my previous pet?





Acquired by completing the Thieves Guild Quest line

---

## [2015-10-26 11:21] eso

PO REPORT NOTES

- upcoming deadlines
	-	Update 8: Orsinium
		-	Code Lock 10/28
		-	PTS 10/6
		-	PC Release 11/2
		-	Console Release 11/18

	-	Update 9: Thieves Guild
		-	Code Lock 1/12
		-	PTS	2/1
		-	Release
			-	PC 3/7/16
			-	XB1 3/22/16
			-	PS4 3/23/16

	-	Update 10: Dark Brotherhood
		-	Code Lock 4/5
		-	PTS 4/25
		-	Release
			-	PC 5/30/16
			-	XB1 6/14/16
			-	PS4 6/15/16

CRAFT BAGS STATUS
-	what's being worked on
	-	discuss w Ben
-	red flags

JAPANESE FONT SUPPORT
-	what's being worked on
	-	IME support (text entry)
	-	UI looking through font choices

CROWN STORE PRESENCE ON PLAYER MENU
-	what's being worked on
	-	visual cleanup based on PO review
	-	on track
		-	Ken is working on this
		-	Marc is providing icon support for PC

UNIVERSAL STYLE ITEM
-	what's being worked on
	-	UI design in progress

PORTABLE FENCE/ACTIVATABLE COLLECTIBLES
-	what's being worked on
	-	UI design in progress
	-	validate with Michael Schroeder & Dan Batson today

VETERAN RANK REMOVAL
-	what's being worked on
	-	Jason moving on to this next
-	red flags
	-	Engineering has issues w time estimes
	-	Discuss w Ben (Ryan?)

---

## [2015-10-26 16:00] eso

GATED CONDITIONS

Swimming
	Pets can be currently active or set active
	The Fence should behave the same way as a Pet
		The pet doesn't appear while you're in the water but shows up when you exit the water
			-	We do this because we dont draw pets in the water
				-	If you have an active pet it disappears when you swim and reappears when you get out of the water
		If a pet is set active
			-	activation checkmark shifts to new item
			-	Need messaging stating that the pet will appear when you get out of the water
			-	"(CATEGORY NAME) will appear when you get out of the water"


Player Character Dead
	-	The Portable Fence should behave like a pet
	-	Pets can't be made active when player character is dead
	-	Pets can't be put away when player character is dead
	-	UI
		-	Keybind to make active should be dimmed
		-	If dim keybind is pressed, show message "You can't do that while dead"
	-	When the fence is active:
		-	If the player respawns with a soul gem
			-	the fence is still active. It waits for the player like a pet
		-	If the player respawns at a wayshrine
			-	the fence is still active. It waits for the player at the new location like a pet


For the purposes of the Fence, or Assistant character I want to prevent the item from being used at all
	-	when swimming
	-	when dead

---

## [2015-10-29 10:42] eso

ACTIVATABLE COLLECTIBLE

INITIAL PROPOSAL

	A way to sell "usable Abilities" from the store
	TOYS
		players get these for completing public dungeons

	UTILITY FEATURES
		can be assigned to Quickslot
		can be cast repeatedly from quickslot interaction

	These toys/utiloties are stored in the Collection UI
	??? What Categories?
		TOYS
			Fireworks
			Lanterns/Lights (Almalexia's Lantern)
		UTILITIES
		NOVELTIES
		ACTIONS

	How they work:

	When a player uses an activatable collectible, the ability plays out fully as if a player had cast it

	A player can slot the ability into a Quickslot from the collection ui

	When used, the ability shows a cooldown timer
		-	in the quickslot UI
		-	in the collection UI

	How does a player know what an activatable collectible can do?
		-	tooltip description



EMPOWERED TROPHY (LATEST DESIGN)
Public dungeon reward trophies and any other such items (toys, utilities) would be moved into the Collections UI under a new category

The design doc explicitly calls out UI requirements:
	Active/cooling down/inactive indicators Empowered Trophy Collectibles.

The items fire an Ability when used
	The Ability initiates as normal and plays out until completed
		The UI shows the cooldown or in-use state of the item to prevent it from being re-triggered until its ready again
	The item can be assigned to a quickslot for convenient triggering
		The icon in the quickslot shows the cooldown/in-use state

Items can be triggered from the Collection UI
	Exists within new Collectible Category
		TROPHY

Items can be assigned to a Quickslot from the Collection UI
Items can be triggered from the Quickslot interaction
Items have these states:
	Active (ready)
	Cooling Down (waiting for ready)
	Inactive (gated)



How do I gain empowered trophies?
	-	Reward from Public Dungeon
	-	Purchased from Crown Store

How do I use empowered trophies
	-	Directly from Collection UI
	-	From Quickslot

How are empowered trophies assigned to Quickslot

How do I know when I can use an empowered trophy?
	-	It appears in the READY state

How do I know when I can't use an empowered trophy
	-	It appears in the COOLDOWN state
	-	It may appear in the GATED state
		-	Why is it gated?
			-	Gated condition is described on item toolt

---

## [2015-10-30 13:39] eso

PRESENTING UI AT SPRINT REVIEW NEXT FRIDAY (11/6)

this would be a release review so we can show subtitles and whatnot

probably SCT, Subtitles, Loot History, Japanese Support, AvA Queue Timers, Announcements, and do we have anything to show for Craft Bags?

Crown Balance on main menu could probably be shown too

potentially able to show craft bags - Ben tells me will require some tweaking - but the server side of it is on mainline

---

## [2015-10-30 15:11] eso

Yuting has started a Crown Store Landing Page
attach all documentation to this hub
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com:8444/display/Home/Crown+Store

---

