# Raw Entries for June 2015

**Total Entries:** 5
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2015-06-03 12:06] eso

The new sorting algorithm that Ben put in creates a very specific layout, is that what we're using for the sorting in the default A-Z category?

No. I just want to list that content sorted from A-Z


For instance It puts featured items at the top but your design has the featured sub category at the top then A-Z with featured items also existing in their alphabetical location in the A-Z category.

That's correct. What I want to solve for is making "special" content more visible at a glance - however. If an item is shown as featured, I don't want that to mean it doesn't appear in its category's A-Z list. It should appear in both places




Further more, It's putting already purchased items at the bottom. I was curious if say for instance in the Featured tab which has seperated groups for New/Limited Time Offer/On Sale, should the already bought items go at the bottom of the entire thing with the A-Z stuff or should they go at the end of each subsequent category. What I mean by that is, If you've bought an item on Sale, does it show up in the On Sale group, if so is it at the end of that group, etc...


I'd prefer to leave purchased items where they would ordinarily fall.

Lastly, I wasn't sure what to do with the bundle attachment screen. It's usually a much smaller number of items and they aren't chunked up like the normal market stuff. Are we wanting to make the selected items still in the center of the screen?

Yes, scrolling behavior for that content should be consistent w the list in general - same special casing for when you are focused on items on row 1

---

## [2015-06-11 17:26] eso

Page Layout
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com:8444/display/EP/ESO-CONSOLE+Categorization+and+Sorting

Player crowns should be moved to the lower right of the screen on the hintbar



List Formatting
ttps://confluence.zenimaxonline.com:8444/display/EP/ESO-CONSOLE+Crown+Store+Itemization

The groups of items on each page are too close together. Check the metrics I put together for accurate values

The title of each group is using the wrong font (should be using ZOFontGamepadBold27 )

I will create an empty sllot gfx to replace the beveled looking asset we're currently using

---

## [2015-06-23 21:05] eso

FOR EVERYONE AT ZINDAGI

I started this project a year and a half ago with two questions. What are the narrative possibilities of scrolling? How does typography shape experience? Our work together revealed answers I'd never have imagined.

This has been the most demanding production I've worked on; Lots of moving parts, shifting requirements, impossible deadlines. Zindagi has been such a fantastic creative partner. I've admired your reliability, flexibility and sense of humor. You made it fun. Thank you.


Best regards

cmckinney@zindagigames.com;
ajepsen@zindagigames.com;
ckaynor@zindagigames.com;
cohara@zindagigames.com;
dhind@zindagigames.com;
gmaahs@zindagigames.com;
kalbrecht@zindagigames.com;
klee@zindagigames.com;
mwollner@zindagigames.com;
mwhite@zindagigames.com;
anand@zindagigames.com;
pbechard@zindagigames.com;

umayer@zindagigames.com

---

## [2015-06-26 10:53] eso

Your guild must have (n) members to use the guild bank
Your guild must have (n) members to post to the guild store

for the guild store, we can do similar:

---

## [2015-06-26 15:08] eso

All right, so to make sure I understand what you want:


UNABLE TO ACCESS GUILD BANK (NOT ENOUGH MEMBERS)

If Guild Bank Depositing is Disabled, show "No Permission (The guild must have 50 members to deposit to the Guild Bank)" in Panel 1 instead of the Deposit Gold and item list.

PLAYER LACKS PERMISSION TO WITHDRAW ITEMS FROM THE GUILD BANK

If the player lacks Withdraw permissions, show "No Permission (Your Guild Rank does not permit withdrawals from the Guild Bank)" in lieu of the Withdraw Gold entry / item list in panel 1

No, show the error message in panel 4, but disable all item interactions in panel 1. The message shopuld only appear when the player is focused on an item. There's no restriction on being able to view the contents of the guild bank. You can look - you just cant touch. Error message should state: "Your Guild Rank does not permit withdrawal of items from the Guild Bank".


PLAYER LACKS PERMISSION TO WITHDRAW CURRENCY FROM THE GUILD BANK

The Withdraw Gold prompt is disabled. The error message should be shown in panel 4, and should only appear when the player is focused on the "Withdraw Gold" menu item. Message should state:
"Your Guild Rank does not permit withdrawal of gold from the Guild Bank


THERE ARE NO ITEMS TO WITHDRAW OR DEPOSIT

Don't show the "No items" message at all. Just don't show any items if there are none to show.



, and then show the corresponding entries for the specific permissions (or "No Items to Withdraw" if the player can only withdraw items and the bank has none).
(6/26/2015 2:07 PM) Alex Delesky:
Does that seem reasonable?

---

