# Raw Entries for February 2015

**Total Entries:** 68
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2015-02-01 14:58] eso

-	screencapture character create workflow to assess the scope of revision. what needs to be done. going to hand this off to Bobby

-	take a look through the game at various modal dialogs. Is there anything there that breaks the redesigned pattern?

-	take a look at the game - is it possiboe to edit map tooltips?

-	cleanup grid layout doc - include new work on tooltips

x	I want to share the dialog design tomorrow. Need to examine use cases in game then mockup behavior. Axure?

---

## [2015-02-01 15:42] eso

BVT down. trying coders

---

## [2015-02-01 17:04] eso

prepared simple after effects anim w game capture to show dialog pattern using Delete item as example. Take a look at the game for other examples - perhaps keyboard data entry from guilds?

---

## [2015-02-02 11:11] eso

reviewed modal dialog transition & gfx design update w Marc and Jason. Need to get engineering cost from Jason K

---

## [2015-02-02 11:11] eso

transferring tooltip work to Lua

---

## [2015-02-02 11:56] eso

Ben worked out disabled states for vertical list. providing him w updated values for unfocused + disabled

---

## [2015-02-02 17:58] eso

Spoke w Chip to make some spacing updates to the list will see what it looks like ion next BVT build
worked with Jason to validate the revised tooltip foprmatting. It looks good. Significantly more readable. Calls out work that will need to be done on tooltips in other contexts - mostly Achievements, but overall - well played

Tonight:
-	update gridsystem documentation and include additional tooltip types based on in0-game screen capture

x	capture details from JIRA on what everyone is working on. How can I track this outside of a text file?

---

## [2015-02-02 20:50] eso

the selection grid used everywhere else except Guild Ranks Change Logo is wrong. That pattern needs to be standardized everywhere its used:
-	character select

---

## [2015-02-02 20:55] eso

Zindagi UI Team

David
Keith
Margalit
Geoff
Chad

---

## [2015-02-02 21:15] eso

FOR PO Report
-	mention implementation addition of shield dyeing to Armor Dye UI, working model on BVT has gone through QA pass (well recieved)

---

## [2015-02-02 21:22] eso

created team status excel doc to track... team status daily. Need to add Marc, Jason, Bobby, Ben, Dan, Chris

Need to find a better use of Ken's time than just standardization tasks - what can I delegate to him ?

---

## [2015-02-02 22:15] eso

writing up message to David Hind on work I'd like to include in Character Select & Character Create. Updating character select design in FW

---

## [2015-02-02 23:36] eso

updated character select

---

## [2015-02-03 15:10] eso

meetings all day. Working on quick mockup for a new gameplay setting

---

## [2015-02-03 15:13] eso

preparing my notes for meeting w David & Zindagi about Character Create/Character Select

Character Select
x	don’t reset camera zoom or player rotation when switching between characters
-	Is it possible to allow rotation and zoom during “requesting character load”?
-	Vertical placement of character list should match layout standard (player menu & inventory are good examples)
-	I’d like to reformat and reposition the character info tooltip
	-	https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com:8444/display/EP/ESO-CONSOLE+Character+Select
	-	ignore the update to the panel title – we’re changing that here at zos)


Character Create
-	Legibility issues w class/race/alliance description tooltip
	-	not sure how I want to solve yet – working on it

-	Selection Grid – difficult to tell whats selected and what isn’t – I’d like to use the same method of showing focused and selected items as is found in Guild>Ranks>Change Logo

-	Consolidate categories further
	-	Want to move Class selection matrix into the same page as race/alliance
	-	Thinking about how to consolidate some of the smaller categories (for example ears,nose,mouth)


-	reverse button assignment for lock value and preview gear

---

## [2015-02-03 15:35] eso

TODO
	-	update character create
		-	solve for legibility
		-	consolidate pages

	-	reformat Guild Store List. Chip is working on this.
	x	update character select to include active XB/PS profile and B2P store badge
		-	need to describe the interaction used to switch profile
		-	take a look at how this is done on existing PS4 titles

---

## [2015-02-04 00:00] eso

updaed character select design to include user profile, profile switching and ESO Plus badge

---

## [2015-02-04 10:46] eso

looking at Geoff's work on smithing improvements and providing feedback

---

## [2015-02-04 12:29] eso

responding to layout issue brought up for new map functionality on PC & COnsole


)usevcstore setvc      0

---

## [2015-02-04 16:25] eso

Design review for crown store on PC & Console in preparation for Friday stakeholder review

---

## [2015-02-05 10:44] eso

going thru bug list

---

## [2015-02-05 12:12] eso

save the rest of those bugs for Friday

---

## [2015-02-05 17:34] eso

looking at PS4 with and without external keyboard setup for text entry. Using Character Create as reference

-	With Keyboard
	-	I choose to FINISH my character
	-	a focused text field is provided
		-	I can (sort of) tell its focused because there's a blinking cursor within
	-	Anything I type is shown in the text field
	-	When I press CONFIRM or ENTER, the text is registered and I move forward in the navigation flow
	-	When I press CANCEL or ESC the text field loses focus, but I'm still in the panel withthe text field
		-	If I want to enter text again, I have to press the EDIT option from the hintbar

-	With gamepad
	-	I choose to FINISH my character
	-	a focused text field is provided
		-	I can (sort of) tell its focused because there's a blinking cursor within
		-	The On Screen Keyboard appears
	-	I enter text into the Onscreen keyboard
		-	When I press R2 (PS4) to finish text entry
			-
		-	When I press BACK (PS4)
			-	the textfield loses focus but I'm still in the panel with the text field
			-	if I want to enter text again, I choose the EDIT option from the hintbar
				-	If I press CONFIRM again, the system thinks I'm finishing up
					-	 If there's no text within the text field, I'll get an error message
					-	If there's text within the text field, it gets registered and I'll move forward in the navigation flow

---

## [2015-02-05 18:20] eso

-	clean up guild store list
x	work through interaction design of text data entry
-	update character create with revised data entry workflow for Finish Character

---

## [2015-02-05 21:02] eso

take care of 2 things at once asnd incorporate dataentry into character create update

---

## [2015-02-05 23:31] eso

worked out flow for text entry w gamepad. much nicer. Unclear at the moment how chat text data entry works with XB1 gamepad. At first glance it would appeart that the onscreen keyboard would cover up the screen?

The simplest approach to data entry under all circumstances - which appears to be the method used on PS3 would be to use the onscreen keyboard itslef as a text field - it always appears, even if you have a keyboard connected. You type directly into the text field there and upon confirmation the text is regestered by the UI.

Same workflow more or less as what I specified, except without the focused text field part of it.

Will go over this w Chip & Mark Reeves tomorrow.

---

## [2015-02-06 09:56] eso

took a look at XB1 text chat. The text is entered directly into the textfield in the on screen keyboard

---

## [2015-02-06 10:59] eso

additional work on data ebntry flow after researching XB1

---

## [2015-02-06 14:00] eso

TO DO:

x	Update Character Select
	-	bring back Switch Profile option and place it in the options menu

-	Update Login FLow
	-	include gamertag preview in login flow on the first screen (the one where you can choose between creating a new account or linking to an existing one)


x	Discuss HUD legibility w Margalit

x	Chat w Mark Reeves

---

## [2015-02-06 14:56] eso

finishing up edit to Character Select to hand offf to David based on Nick's input before settling into conversations w Mark & Margalit

---

## [2015-02-07 15:44] eso

P1	BUGS
x	categorize bugs in my list to create stories for groups of them, particularly localization

P1	B2P Store
-	play with the store to become familiar with it
-	add commentary to Bobby's design review

P1	VENDOR INVENTORY
x	reformat item lists (buy, sell, repair)
x	post updated work to confluence
-	discuss list format with Chip for implementation

P1	DATAENTRY
x	add dataentry design doc to confluence

P1	DIALOGS
x	add revised dialog framework to confluence

P2	MAPS
-	post updated design to confluence

P2	PLAYER TRADING
-	design review
-	focus test

P2	MAIN MENU
-	Review Ken's revised menu spreadsheet
-	How long would it take Bobby to create AX prototype of Ken's work?

P2	GUILD STORE
x	reformat Item lists for Listings
x	post design update to confluence
-	discuss list format w Chip for implementation
-	design review
-	focus test

P3	LOGIN FLOW
-	add character profile (gamertag) and "switch profile" call to action


P3	CHARACTER CREATE
-	design cleanup
-	include revised data entry in design cleanup


)zset language.2 fr
de
en

---

## [2015-02-07 20:09] eso

have worked out new formatting for vendor buy & sell lists. working on revised formatting for Guild store listings

---

## [2015-02-08 15:50] eso

looking through bugs

---

## [2015-02-08 19:06] eso

For Tonight
-	finish categorizing and sending out bugs where possible

For Tomorrow's Stakeholder review
x	Is BVT functional
	x	no, running coders
x	Is BVT patched in Focus Test Room on XBOX/PS4
	x	not sure what build it is, but working
x	Which Console Build is functional
x	Have Crowns added to my BVT account
x	Will I need Crowns added to BVT/Coders on console?
x	Where is focus test room
	x	Rehearse with the Crown Store in the Focus test room on PC & COnsole
	x	Include Bobby during playthrough

For Tomorrow Create Stories
x	ask Yuting how to capture certain bugs which point to larger stories

---

## [2015-02-09 10:34] eso

USER STORIES
x	Create/find radial menu revision story
	x	assign radial menu revision story to Marc
	-	flag design exploration as high priority

-	Create Vendor Inventory Vendor Inventory List revison
	-	assign vendor inventory revision to Chip

-	Create a text entry dialog cleanup story
	-	move/create task for keyboard data entry refinement to this story

x	Create HUD Legibility story and assign it to myself
	x	Quest tracker legibility fix
		x	assign to Margalit

-	Create Map Cleanup story
	-	design review Maps
	-	link relevant bugs to this

-	Create modal dialog cleanup story

-	Create Item tooltip cleanup story

-	Create Ability tooltip cleanup story

-	Hintbar cleanup
https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-390926
	-	callout specific bugs related to this and prioritize
	-	who is going to own this?

IN PROGRESS
-	Smithing cleanup
	-	check Geoff's work in progress

-	Updated panel header
	-	check on Dan B's progress with this

-	updated paging nav
	-	when will Chris H be able to start this task

-	Character Select update
	-	check on David Hind's progress

-	AVA Cleanup
	-	check on Justin (IG) progress

ORGANIZATION
-	Take a look at Trello
	-	can I use it to capture a work overview more effectively than text files and spreadsheets?

For Tuesday
BUFF/DEBUFF HUD ICONOGRAPHY SYSTEM
-	Setup meeting with Paul & Jason to have Paul specify the problem directly

PLAYER TRADING ON CONSOLE
-	check w John Chaffee when focus test room is available
-	playtest player trading with Bobby on console
-	write up test plan

---

## [2015-02-09 22:39] eso

TEST PLAN

All players are in the same location with a wide range of items
)awardloottable 200

All players have 1000 Gold
)addmoney 10000

PRE-TRADING

1. How do I interact with other players?
Players find each other in-world and initiate contact

2. How do I invite someone to trade?
Player 1 initiates trade w Player 2

3. How do I accept a trade invitation?
Player 2 accepts trade request

TRADING
Note: UI Error on Coders upon screen entry. Same on XB/PS4?

1. How do I offer gold to another player?
Player 1 adds 500 gold to the trade request and submits offer
Player 2 acknowledges

2. How do I offer items to another player?
Player 2 a


POST-TRADING
1. How do I know that the trade was successful
System message is displayed in upper right. Who noticed it?

2. How much gold do I have now
Where do players go to find out how much gold they have? Inventory? CHarcater Screen?



TRADE DESIGN REVIEW

After adding items for trade it felt strange that I had to go back to the main trading hub.

Name, location & Level stats should be removed from the hintbar

PLAYER GOLD, INVENTORY CAPACITY AND ITEMS IN TRADE should be added to the hint bar

When adding items
? should panel header change to state: "Add Itemss?"
or is ther a cleaner way to add items?
Could the items be exposed in a dropdown list?
-	this would allow items to be added in-place rather than "going somewhere" to add them
-	this removes any need for an "items in trade" stat

Alternately: The hintbar for the items list can be changed to state:
ADD/CANCEL/DONE

Tooltip size feels very awkward. Is useful and interesting to compare items for trading, but not critical. There's njno requirement to show two item lists w tooltips at once

Items are shown in the Item List on the Trade UI should be shown in mixed case

Hint bar calls to action for Tradeing HUB should be
ADD/BACK/SUBMIT OFFER

Significant bug when viewing the other player's offer - unable to see the item list,- instead, seeing some kind of visual glitch. Am able to scroll through the items and see tooltip for them however.

The blue highlight fill appearing when I've submitted an offer or when the other player has submitted an offer looks very out of place. Find another way to convey the "submitted offer" state

Looking at the other players offer - the representation of gold looks like its in a focused state of that I could do something with it?
Need to show the attached gold differently

Strange item list configuration - its not obvious what my choices are:
Add Gold needs to be a Call to action
Focus hilite around ADD gold should't be visible when unfocused
attach items text & icon should resize on focus
attach item icon is scaling a small asset to be large

Currency widget behavior doesn't feel right. Not sure what my expectation is:
part of it is the color coding and lack of focus
-	focused number needs to be larger
-	active (unfocused) numbers should always be tan
-	any zero value numbers between the current focused number and the last entered or default number should be colored tan
-	focused number should always be white

Currency widget value should always be shown center aligned

Currency data entry with slider feels very slippery, constantly entering values in fields I didnt intend to

Keybinds during Add Gold data entry should state CONFIRM/CANCEL

Currently its possible for both players to complete a trade in which nothing is transferred between players. The language of the SECONDARY CONFIRMATION which initiates the trade can be made more specific:
Until something has been added to an offer, a player's SECONDARY CONFIRM should be dim
	-	if an offer is received while a player has added nothing to their own offer, the SECONDARY CONFIRM should state "ACCEPT TRADE"
	-	if anything is added to an offer, the SECONDARY CONFIRM should state "SUBMIT OFFER"
	-	If items/gold are removed from an offer and nothing is being offered, the SECONDARY CONFIRM should be dim, unless the other player has submitted an offer, in whiuch case the SECONDARY CONFIRM should state "ACCEPT TRADE"


Scrolling right to view the otherplayer's offer is taking some getting used to. There's no queing of any kind to suggest this behavior is available, and it seems like the only reason you'd need to do it in the first place is to see item descriptions of material they'd added

The dynamic of switching between a view of my offer and player 2's offer is an intertesting challenge. As it stands, the functionality to do so (scrolling left or right) is non-obvious.

I'm not so sure we have to hang on to the notion of seeing both offers simultanously. Instead we could toggle between them, so only one view was available at a time?
This could be done by including a call to action in the list "View PLAYER Name's offer"
I do not want to use Paging Nav to do this

alternately, the existing scheme might work if the panels were clearly labeled:

L1					R1
YOUR OFFER			PLAYER NAME'S OFFER

---

## [2015-02-10 02:17] eso

completed player trading desigreview
worked out basic details of test plan
started player trading design revision

---

## [2015-02-10 10:23] eso

DISCUSSION

x	review Jason's work on B2P store dialogs
x	Speak w CHip about why long text strings are getting cropped
x	Take a look at Pick attribute tooltip
x	Discuss edits to skills & inventory tooltips equipped/assign labels
x	Discuss possible nav changes to Crown Store with Ben
x	Speak w Chris about EULA task, when does he expect to start paged nav task
x	Get Bobby and Justin speaking about design revisions to Groups
x	Ask John Chafee about focus test room availabiluity today
-	setuop meeting w Paul and Jason to go over goals for combat HUD improvemebnts

PLANNING

-	integrate Marc's art audit wth my master screen list spreadsheet
-	create/find stories captured above (so that I can put bugs & tasks into them)
	-	Login FLow cleanup
	-	Modal dialog cleanup
	-	Text data entry cleanup
	-	Player Trading (finalization)
	-	Map (alpha complete)
	-	Vendor Inventory localization cleanup
	-	Character Creation cleanup

x	rehearse playtest w Bobby and/or Jason


REVIEW
x	Character Select update
	x	check on David Hind's progress
	x	sent feedback
x	meeting: Initial Review of Help Menus
x	Go over feedback and capture Crown Store next steps w Bobby


DESIGN
-	Design cleanup Player Trading



CROWN STORE REVISIONS FOR TECH REVIEW

Update screen navigation
-	Increase visibility of shopping categories
-	Simplify nagigation between categories and items
-	Bobby will provide updated design
-	Tech review & estimation

Update Confirm Purchase dialog
-	Content goes in a scrolling list
	-	Show purchases in list with support for tooltip
	-	Include confirmation as a menu item in the list
-	Remove Purchase confirmation from the keybind strip
-	Bobby will provide updated design
-	Tech review and estimation

Update Purchase Complete Dialog
-	Add "View Purchase" option to keybind strip
	-	Don't allow this option for consumables, just collectibles
	-	Choosing this option opens the Collections window
		-	If a single collectible was purchased (such as a horse), go directly to that item
		-	What happens if a bundle was purchase? (need input)

Remove Set Filter Dropdown
-	I'd like to get the screen stood up without that functionality

Remove Purchase Item & Buy Crowns options from Preview Mode

Move Capacity stat/value to lower right of hint bar. Label it "Inventory Capacity"

Stacked Consumables
-	For stacked items in the shop, show the count as part of the item name
	-	for example: Crown Health Potion (20)
-	For stacked items in the shop, show the count as part of the item name in the tooltip
-	remove the stack counter from the item icon

Tooltips
-	Need to verify that we are showing appropriate categorization in Marketing tooltips
-	Lee had called out some discrepencies in the categorization scheme being used

---

## [2015-02-11 00:29] eso

CHARACTER SELECT FEEDBACK
-	Left align group header labels "Characters", "Create" so they match layout used in inventory, etc...
-	Icon for focused item isn't increasing size on focus
-	For player tooltip, increase the spacing between stats (see visual reference).

---

## [2015-02-11 12:37] eso

TODAY
x	player trading focus test
	x	collate input from focus test
-	Discuss HUD w Ken
-	Check w Ben on text sizing for Books
-	design review maps
-	setup meeting w Paul & Jason to discuss combat HUD improvements
-	create stories for ongoing work categories
	-	Login FLow cleanup
	-	Modal dialog cleanup
	-	Text data entry cleanup
	-	Player Trading (finalization)
	-	Map (alpha complete)
	-	Vendor Inventory localization cleanup
	-	Character Creation cleanup

---

## [2015-02-11 13:36] eso

-	review changes to smithing and provide feedback
-	create/find stories captured above (so that I can put bugs & tasks into them)
	-	Login FLow cleanup
	-	Modal dialog cleanup
	-	Text data entry cleanup
	-	Player Trading (finalization)
	-	Map (alpha complete)
	-	Vendor Inventory localization cleanup
	-	Character Creation cleanup

---

## [2015-02-11 18:11] eso

PLAYER TRADING DESIGn REVIEW (CONTINUED)

This review is based on my own playtesting and a focus test conducted with 8 volunteers on 2/11/15. We were unable to test item trading at that time due to errors with the display of items in the other player’s offer list.

Pain Points
•	Players don’t know how to accept a trade offer (attach pic)

•	Players don’t know whether a trade has been successfully accomplished (attach pic)
o	In the case of trading gold, 75% of the test group was observed going to the inventory screen to check that gold had in fact been transferred successfully.

•	Using LS to switch between my offer and the other player’s offer caused confusion (attach pic)
o	I observed spurious triggering of the inwhen the interaction was spuriously triggered. Regrettably, the spurious triggering of the interaction is also the way people discovered that the interaction was possible

---

## [2015-02-12 11:25] eso

sent out PO report
chatted w Yuting about screens in jeopardy for code lock
meeting later to discuss

---

## [2015-02-12 11:56] eso

-	P0	finish player trading design review and send out
-	P1	finish map review and send out
-	P1	create cleanup stories as previously specified (assign to self)
		x	Login FLow cleanup
		x	Modal dialog cleanup
		-	Text data entry cleanup
		x	Player Trading (finalization)
		x	Map (alpha complete)
		-	Vendor Inventory localization cleanup
		x	Character Creation cleanup
-	Margalit posted video of work on handling overlap between quest tracker & chat window

---

## [2015-02-13 00:25] eso

working on Trade UI revision

---

## [2015-02-13 00:47] eso

-	show add item interaction
-	show review offer interaction

---

## [2015-02-13 14:02] eso

Cleanup notes:

Money Widget
-	make font size of focused numeral ZoFontGamepad54
-	set color of any digits trailing the focused item to white

---

## [2015-02-13 14:40] eso

working on trade UI

---

## [2015-02-13 17:09] eso

doing some cleanup of gridsystem doc

---

## [2015-02-14 23:13] eso

Finished Trading UI
Looking at Guild Scrren to reorganize flow

---

## [2015-02-15 00:48] eso

Playing with Trello, setting up a good overview of daily team activity. better than the spreadsheet I was using

---

## [2015-02-15 18:59] eso

posted updated Trade UI design to confluence
looking at Guild nav

---

## [2015-02-15 22:29] eso

have worked out good revision to Guild navigation, updating and cleaniing up FW docs

---

## [2015-02-16 15:18] eso

MAP DESIGN REVIEW

-	update map design
-	label map design with font metrics

---

## [2015-02-17 17:52] eso

Dan is working on revised paging nav, needs art assets. Ask Marc/Jason to create the assets and handoff to Dan

(2/19/2015 1:42 PM) Justin Augspurger:
jaugspurger@irongalaxystudios.com


NOTIFICATIONS
CROWN STORE
INVENTORY
JOURNAL
GROUP
VOICE CHAT

MULTIPLAYER >
COMMUNICATIONS >
MISC >
OPTIONS
LOGOUT










CROWN STORE

INVENTORY
CHARACTER SHEET
SKILLS
CHAMPION
JOURNAL
GROUP

MULTIPLAYER >
COMMUNICATIONS >
MISC >

HELP
OPTIONS
LOGOUT

---

## [2015-02-19 21:19] eso

screen audit ranking UI, UX, GFX

UI = mechanical, specific engineering task
UX = conceptual, specific design task
GFX = visual, specific art task

each category violation subtracts 10 from an idealized value of 100 ??

Character Create
UI	non-standard focus states for class, race, alliance icons
UI	assign different button to finish
UI	tooltip summary description unreadable, localization problems
UI	confusing text entry workflow
UX	poor error handling for invalid character names
UX	consolidate parameters into fewer categories
UX	too many calls to action on hintbar
GFX	icons too small

UX	3
UI	4
GFX	1

---

## [2015-02-20 10:30] eso

take a 2nd look at Player Menu cleanup. How can social options be exposed up front without crowding the menu

---

## [2015-02-20 10:36] eso

getting my thoughts prepared for meeting w Nick & Paul

My problem children
-	Guild Store
-	Player to Player trading
-	Login Flow
-	Character Create
-	Menu Cleanup
-	HUD
-	Text Entry

---

## [2015-02-21 15:54] eso

working on screen audit

---

## [2015-02-21 19:13] eso

reformatting modal dialog templates - right aligned looks good

---

## [2015-02-23 10:52] eso

working on additional auditing to present screen list before today's UI priority meeting

---

## [2015-02-23 13:45] eso

DESIGN REVIEW: DEATH RECAP
- 	Iconography is using PC-UI gfx
- 	Icon list misalignment issues
-	Icon list typography issues
-	Hint text should be tan color instead of white

---

## [2015-02-25 19:41] eso

DESIGN REVIEW CHARACTER CREATE
-	paging nav display broken by number of pages
-	moodify nav to match provided sketch


HUD ISSUES
-	Center Screen messaging is too small
-	TODO: Provided visual reference for preferred sizing


REMOVE PLAYER INFO FROM HINTBAR
-


PAGED NAV
-	Paged content should use dissolve in/out instead of conveyer anim
	-	except for the store. leave that bit alone



DEFOCUSED PANEL STATE


GUILD HERALDRY REVISED PANEL HEADER
-	look at this with Dan
	-	remove feature cost from Dat0 and fit into the structure he's already setup
	-	will need to shift heraldry UI down


GUILD MEMBER TOLTIP
-	adjust tooltip spacing to match character tooltip used in CHaracter Select


DIALOG CLEANUP
-	which dialogs?

TEXT DATA ENTRY UX CLEANUP
•	Login
•	Create Account
•	Link Account
•	Character Create – Name Entry
•	Mail – Send
•	Collections – Search
•	Contacts – Filter Box, Add Friend, Add Ignored
•	Guilds – Filter Box, Invite Player (to Guild), Add / Edit Note
•	Help – Tutorial: Search
•	Help – Customer Service – Enter E-Mail
•	Group – Invite Player
•	Text Chat

---

## [2015-02-26 13:18] eso

applied data entry workflow to add friend dialog

---

## [2015-02-26 17:06] eso

Right now you're feeling a bit schizopherecic. A lot of issues are competing for your attention and they all seem super important. You need to be thinking about what you can accomplish in 2 weeks, for console launch and for Day 1 patch. You're feeling stressy because nobody else seems to be fixating on issues you know are problematic. Here's what I suggest:

-	Identify known problem areas
-	Go through your own bug list and create stories to group them together
	-	are the problem areas represented here as bugs?
-	Go thru the UI bug list and see where repeated issues are happening
	-	are the problem areas represented here as bugs?
-	Figure out what you need to do to track progress on the HUD. It's feeling very open ended

---

## [2015-02-26 22:15] eso

VOIP Playtesting

Add falloff for area chat
Text for VOIP is hard to read on HUD
When you are only in area chat, you should auto join any secondary channel (not just group, but guild as well).
Participants list needs a better design on who spoke in what channel/what we want.
12 attempts per minute - look into going back to the previous change channel once per 5 seconds method.
Leaving guilds should not show system messages in the chat window.
Need to verify - do we do this on PC as well?

---

## [2015-02-27 21:23] eso

CROWN STORE DESIGN REVIEW

NAVIGATION
unable to scroll down to new content when there's an empty space beneath me. Instead, should scroll down to next available index

Dim scrollbar when not in use.

Transition to Preview Mode is awkwardly sequenced. Feels jarring and hard.
-	the tooltip for the selected item fades out and fades back in when the screen transitions - can it be made to remain static?
-	item grid slides out left while the rest of the panel fades out. Make the item grid stay still and fade out with the rest of the panel
-	character model appears as default before the view updates to show the preview content. It would feel cleaner if this state change happened before the UI transitioned out, while it was covering the screen.

Transition from Preview Mode is awkwardly sequenced. Feels jarring and hard.
-	the tooltip for the previewed item fades out and fades back in when the screen transitions - can it be made to remain static?
-	item grid slides in from the right while the rest of the panel fades in. Make the item grid stay still and fade in with the rest of the panel
	-	if I've changed my current index by browsing thru previews with LT/RT, when I return to the shop its better to not show the list until its been fully refreshed
-	character model reappears as default before being covered up by the UI. Wait for the UI to cover the character model before updating it to the default view


LAYOUT
Would like to try using a larger/bolder font for items in the grid

Tooltip positioning & layout for different types of content is inconsistent, causing the tooltip to "agitate" while scrolling through the item grid
	-	Bundle & Consumable Tooltips are laid out correctly
	-	All tooltips should be vertically aligned so thet the baseline of the first line of the name is consistent (the inventory screen is a good example)

Remove extra spaces in the inventory capacity counter.
Should state: x/y instead of x / y


CONFIRM PURCHASE DIALOG
We need to place an icon before the purchase option

TRANSACTION COMPLETE DIALOG
Keybind should state "Continue"
What is the status of adding a link to the collections window from here?

---

## [2015-02-28 15:34] eso

crown store design review

Pledge of Mara
Imperial Horse
Nibenay Mudcrab

Not enough crowns dialog needs editorial. Should provide URL for account management instead of stating that a web browser will be opened outside the game

---

