# Raw Entries for January 2015

**Total Entries:** 126
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2015-01-04 17:47] eso

I've made significant (and subtle) layout changes to a number of screens that point the direction forward for finalizing the project. The revision is noty complete, but there's enough there to talk about with the team. In particular, the work focuses on 3 areas:

Increased visual contrast
panel treatments
simplification
differentiate
reinforce the strengths of existing work
reduce perceived complexity

-	Inventory
-	Skills
-	Dialogs
-	Hint Bar
-	Journal
-	Character Sheet
-	Alchemy
><<

---

## [2015-01-05 10:05] eso

meet w Jared today to go over the edits I macde ove rthe holidays

-	putting together A/B comparisions of existing -> visual target
-	meet w Jason to discuss loading screens

---

## [2015-01-05 13:20] eso

getting presentation ready for Jared

---

## [2015-01-05 14:01] eso

finished setting up presentation for Jared

---

## [2015-01-05 16:34] eso

good discussion and encouragement from Jared. His takeaway was to solve for showing which panel is active at all times and emphasize differenced between panels

Some good advice on how to surface these changes to the team. They're not ready to share uyet. I'm going to do additional iteration and discuss w Paul Sage next.
-	Include examples of transitions that can be applied to tooltip-type content
-	Skyrim
-	is it worth setting up an AX prototype to express transition language?

---

## [2015-01-05 17:32] eso

what was learned today? Frame the problems in a way that address user needs rather than visual requirements
. How does that work for the Guilds screen?

PROBLEM
There are too many interaction pmethods going on at one time in the various subscreens. If I page between subscreens I feel disoriented when I back out of the screen even though it was my original starting point


SOLUTION
Use a Hub-Based or dropdown navigation pattern and acces each subscreen individually.

---

## [2015-01-05 17:59] eso

just started looking at guild store. will continue with it tonight

---

## [2015-01-06 10:36] eso

sent out material to Jared
modified FW designs

picking up review of guild store - focusing on interaction design over layout

---

## [2015-01-06 13:56] eso

got sidetracked by questions about driopdown menu and created some sketches to clarify my intent. meeting w Andrew at Zindagi to discuss further

---

## [2015-01-06 13:57] eso

back to guild commerce review

---

## [2015-01-06 14:48] eso

spoke w Andrew about dropdown list, he's down with it. looking forward to seeing his work!

---

## [2015-01-06 15:32] eso

created layout sketch for Giold Store Browse panel

---

## [2015-01-06 18:08] eso

Nick was asking about hintbar design doc. Will get that prepared and posted tonight

TODO

-	create hintbar design doc
	-	don't be overly specific about the contextual content
		-	just show the default case
		-	also mention that this area can be populated on a screen by screen basis

---

## [2015-01-06 18:11] eso

Jason K came up with a workable solution for wordwrapping long focused names :)

---

## [2015-01-06 23:10] eso

updated confluence page for guild store with filter widget specifications. Created new confluence page for Dropdown widget spefcification (shared w Bobby & Andrew). Continuing to work on Hintbar doc.

---

## [2015-01-07 11:11] eso

finalizing hintbar design doc

---

## [2015-01-07 11:25] eso

posted hintbar design
moving back to guild store review


GENERAL FEEDBACK

-	Bank Vendor NPC is being hidden by the UI. Camera needs to be edited such that the NPC is positioned on the right side of the screen

-	Overall I feel like I'm being gated from seeing what's available in the Guild Store. I feel that the Guild Store should fundamentally be 2 tabbed pages: Listings & Sell Items. Players who want to



-	As an idea (we need to discuss this as a group), I wonder if we can tr


BROWSE

	FILTER LIST
	-	Vertical List layout does not correspond with design template. I've specified the layout and behavior of the widgets in the list in greater detail for your reference (see confluence)

	-	Dropdown menu widget is behaving incorrectly and is using PC-style assets. Check the intended layout and behavior on confluence
	(link to confluence dropdown menu doc)

	-	Show complete numerical value (unabbreviated) in the Min/Max currency widgets

	-	Due to the nature of the parametric list, its difficult to get a big picture of my search criteria. I prefer not to create a speciali



	SEARCH RESULTS & LISTINGS
	-	We're forcing too much content into a small space. I'm having a hard time reading the content in the results list. This screen would benefit from a 2 panel + tooltip layout, similar to what we use for Quest Journal, Guilds, etc...



	-	Toggling the Sort state using R3 works well on its own. However I feel we are complicating


	-	Don't show the "name" and "price" headinsgs above the item list


	GUILD SELECTION OPTIONS MENU
	-	The transition to the option menu where players switch guilds is disruptive and feels awkward. I've noticed this behavior for options menus in general where a new panel transitions in on top of the old panel and dims the screen behind it.
		-	I would prefer instead to see the content transition out, and be replaced by the items in the option menu - the panel itself should remain stationary
		-	The screen does not need to be dimmed when this (or any other) options menu is displayed

	HINTBAR
	-	The SELECT label should be drawn before the BACK label. Please reference the hintbar design doc for placement & ordering (link to confluence hintbar design doc)

	- the "GUILD" label should instead state: "SELECT GUILD"
	- the "SUBMIT" label should instad state "SEARCH NOW"

---

## [2015-01-07 16:00] eso

Guild Store screen is sorta fucked up. Not entirely sure how to fix it.

---

## [2015-01-07 17:36] eso

Exploring Guild Store ideas

---

## [2015-01-07 17:36] eso

doing cleanup of loading screen task. Everyone here is being weird about it.


Ashaba Pass

Items come in five quality levels represented by five colors: white, green, blue, purple, and gold. The colors signify the quality of the item in ascending order, but only for that paticular level. For example, a gold level 10 item might be better than a green level 12 item

---

## [2015-01-08 09:20] eso

Guild Store is going to require more thought and redesign. Moving on to AVA design review

---

## [2015-01-08 11:52] eso

reconstucting AVA layout for reference to accompany feeedback

---

## [2015-01-08 13:33] eso

just took a look at the work Paul's been doing on the Guild Screens. They're solid. Feeling much better, and they're t a place where the finalized layout styling can be applied easily. To my surprise, navigating the screens is easier than before - not sure if I'm just more used to it, or if the layout updates have made the difference. nice work Paul.

---

## [2015-01-08 14:12] eso

spoke briefly w Eric Waas about the work I'm doing to bring the design to a final stage and expressed my desire to loop him into that discussion

---

## [2015-01-08 15:02] eso

handing off interstitial template with verbose & concise use cases + metrics to Mark Reeves

---

## [2015-01-08 16:37] eso

the loading screen task has taken on a life of its own. For such a simple screen, I wonder why. Seems to me like we just need to assign engineering resources to it - this is not our most complex design!

---

## [2015-01-08 16:37] eso

chatting w Ken about some map tooltip stuff

---

## [2015-01-08 20:42] eso

for some reason didnt sync the work I did at the office and unable to access freom home - remote desktp service also down . I felt like I'd solved an updated layout appropriately. The next thing to look at are the options menu and the confirmation dialog.

---

## [2015-01-08 22:02] eso

continuing AVA review


AVA CAMPAIGN SCREEN

stats
-	dont show "Campaign x/y" stat label/value pair.

identity
-	what alliance am I?
-	what level/alliance rank am I?
-	what is my progression

Its not obvious to me what my alliance is. While I can see my Alliance rank clearly, I'd like to reinforce my alliance membeership. This may simply be a matter of including my alliance icon in the hintbar with the alliance progression meter

campaigns
-	what home campaign am I running?
-	what guest campaign am I running?
-	what campaigns are available to me?
	-	what is the alliance popuylation for each of those campaigns

I'm seeing a label next to the campaign name in the preview panel stating "Campaign End: DONE". Is this supposed to be there? Why does it state "done"? What other values might this show?

layout
-	preview panel layout feels a bit loose, please modify to match the provided mockup
	x	TODO: create mockup that tightens up the preview panel layout

hintbar
-	hintbar does not conform to layout standards. asset placement is wrong. refer to confluence for layout specification
	-	(confluence: hintbar design doc)
-	add alliance icon to progress meter placed in the hintbar
-	Calls to Action
	-	when focused on the guest campaign
		-	CONFIRM1 states "ENTER QUEUE"
		-	CONFIRM2 states "ASSIGN HOME"

	-	when focused on the home campaign
		-	CONFIRM1 states "ENTER QUEUE"

	-	when focused on an unassigned campaign
		-	CONFIRM1 state "JOIN CAMPAIGN"

	-	when focused on an queued campaign
		-	CONFIRM1 states "LEAVE QUEUE"



art assets
-	icons for group members, friends & guild members use PC-style gfx. Need to be replaced with flat equivalents for console UI

-	radial meter texture used to show Alliance population have visual glitches
	-	TODO: provide screenshot of glitchy meter gfx

vertical list
	-	all vertical lists should include iconography that scales to reinforce the focus state. Repeated usage of the generic "Alliance War" icon is fine. See the provided layout example
		-	TODO: post cleaned up design to COnfluence in the Alliance War doc



Assign Home/Guest Menu

-	the dialogs here (and elsewhere globally) are all using ZoFontGamepad42 for the body text. They should instead use ZoFontGamepadCondensed42.
-	Do not dim the screen behind this or any other dialog
-	see provided gfx (confluence AVA campaign doc) for layout reference and language.
-	body text should state "How would you like to join this campaign?"
	-	Dialog Title should read "JOIN"
	-	Parametric list
		-	Iconography in parametric list is too small - gfx asset should animate scale when focused
		-	focused item text in this list is too small make it use ZoFontGamepad42

Set Guest Campaign Dialog
Tooltip body text needs cleaner formating
-	follow the provided layout example
	(confluence)



Transitions
	-	The transition to the Assign Home/Guest dialog feels awkward. I've noticed this behavior for many (all?) transitions to dialogs and options-type menus. In each case, a new panel transitions on top of the old panel and dims the screen behind it.
	-	I don't want the panel to move at all, instead I prefer to see panel content transition in and out,
	-	The screen should not be dimmed when this (or any other) options menu is displayed
	-	Any contextual readouts in the hintbar (stats, meters) should remain, unless explicitly spedified otherwise


Why do I have to press SQUARE to enter a campaign?
Unable to join a campaign from console UI most of the time, UIError the rest of the time

SET GUEST CAMPAIGN
Are you sure you wish to select $CampaignName as your guest campaign?
-	world effects will not apply outside outside of Cyrodiil
-	leaderboard ranking will be disabled
-	Alliance points gained will not count towards campaign rewardss

After entering this campaign you will be restricted from changing it again for a period of time.


SET HOME CAMPAIGN
Are you sure you wish to set your home campaign to $CampaignName?
After entering this campaign you will be restricted from changing it again for a period of time. This change is free, however future changes will incur a cost in Alliance Points



SET HOME CAMPAIGN (CONDITIONAL)
Are you sure you wish to set your home campaign to $CampaignName?
After entering this campaign you will be restricted from changing it again for a period of time. This change is free, however future changes will incur a cost in Alliance Points

> Set Now
> Set when current campaign ends


AVA CAMPAIGN OVERVIEW SCREEN
-	not seeing campaign bonuses panel when I scroll to that menu item


AVA CAMPAIGN BONUSES SCREEN
-	not seeing this screen at all. panel disappears when I scroll to it
-	Oh, I see how it works. It shouldnt work like this. Bonuses should be displayed in the preview panel
	-  The bonuses can be presented as a vertical list to be scrolled using RS within the panel
	-	Alternately, pressing CONFIRM1 can switch focus to the preview panel and let scrolling happen there

It feels strange to see the same campaign information conveyed on the Campaign & Overview screens. Surely this could all be shown on the same screen?


//Default

NORMAL CAMPAIGNS
	Sanguine Rose
	Saviors Hide

7 DAY STANDARD
	Haderus


//Home Campaign Assigned

HOME CAMPAIGN: Savior's Hide
	Enter Queue
	Bonuses
	Scoring
	Emperorship

NORMAL CAMPAIGNS
	Sanguine Rose

7 DAY STANDARD
	Haderus

//Guest Campaign Assigned

HOME CAMPAIGN: Savior's Hide
	Bonuses
	Scoring
	Emperorship

GUEST CAMPAIGN: Sanguine Rose
	Overview
	Bonuses
	Scoring
	Emperorship

7 DAY STANDARD
	Haderus

---

## [2015-01-09 01:25] eso

taking a look at Stables UI. Its not so great, but should not be hard to cleanup and provide feedback for.
Is it possible to avoid tabbing through the purchase and trauining pages and instead have those options provided to me by the stable owner in the NPC dialog?

---

## [2015-01-09 11:34] eso

mocked up revised list view that combines the Campain & Overview tabs>

---

## [2015-01-09 14:21] eso

working on AVA dialog cleanup before jumping into the preview panel layout changes

---

## [2015-01-09 20:55] eso

discussed UI finalization w Erich

---

## [2015-01-09 20:56] eso

need to capture join campign for $$$ dialog, maybe I already have the screenshot?
Ah,m I guess its not necessary -0 the price is shown in the Jo

---

## [2015-01-11 17:10] eso

finished re-design for AVA bonuses
significant improvements and cleanup to implemented  version

---

## [2015-01-11 23:59] eso

finished cleaning up emperorship leaderboard design. currently only shows the "home" leaderboard (rather the the local leaderboard - not really sure what the local leaderboard is actually - the guest campaign?)

looking more closely at queuing, traveling and leaving queue. Need to add additional call tro action to campaign list so that leave queue & travel are both available

---

## [2015-01-12 00:50] eso

additional cleanup to join, set home/guest, travel, leave queue navigational flow. Added color coded queuing message. Ready enough to post to confluence and post written feedback. Well done. Significant improvement.

---

## [2015-01-12 17:44] eso

phone call w Ken to discuss the consistency issues he's called out, and also to discuss my own agenda for finalizing layout

-	I would like him to attach screenshots to the Excel info he's provided for context
-	I would like to see the finalization captured on Confluence or in Powerpoint so that it can be shared by various stakeholders

---

## [2015-01-12 21:58] eso

making edits to existing finalized work based on feedback from Paul today

---

## [2015-01-13 00:32] eso

revised inventory
revised skills
added to powerpoint with additional in game screen captures

---

## [2015-01-13 00:41] eso

replaced panels in dialog sesign. needs additional refinement. not major

---

## [2015-01-13 10:20] eso

Hoping to see updated Guilds implementation. Paul's work

---

## [2015-01-13 10:32] eso

BVT down. looking at dev

---

## [2015-01-13 10:53] eso

just captured login flow. want to include those screens in the finalization work
-	Login Flow
-	Character Create
-	Character Select

---

## [2015-01-13 10:59] eso

oh BVT seems operational now

---

## [2015-01-13 11:07] eso

GUILD SCREEN


HUB

	HINTBAR
		-	order of screen hints is wrong
			-	see hintbar design doc for design specification

	MENU LIST
		-	list header currently titled "Membership" should read "SELECT A GUILD"

	PREVIEW PANEL
		-	Message of the Day" body text should use ZoFontGamepadCondensed42
		-	"About Us" body text should use ZoFontGamepadCondensed42

	GUILD OPTIONS
		-	Title of Panel should read "Guild Options"
		-	Focused list item should use ZoFontGamepad42





RANKS
LIST
	-	remove "Edit the selected rank message"
	-	calls to action in this list should state:
		-	EDIT GUILDMASTER
		-	EDIT OFFICER
		-	EDIT MEMBER
		-	EDIT RECRUIT

PREVIEW PANEL
	-	rank permission header font should be ZoFontGamepadBold22
	-	rank permissions are spaced too tightly. see provided layout metrics
	-	shift panel content upward so that Chat & Alliance rank headers are properly aligned on the page (see provided layout metrics)

RENAME RANK DIALOG

DEFOCUSED PANEL
-	reduce luminance of color transform. More subtle. less bright
-	do not reduce opacity of panel content
-	is it possible to desaturate all content within the panel?

CHANGE LOGO
-	art assets should not use any framing at all. Artwork should float above the panel, similar to iconography in Character Create
-	Simplify hilite state
	-	Use stroked rectangle as is used elsewhere (character create, etc.)
	-	lose the glow

---

## [2015-01-13 20:00] eso

have spent several hours doing detailed feedback on the revised Guild Screen. Not done yet - still need to review the Roster and the History pages

---

## [2015-01-14 15:02] eso

going over Guild feedback w Paul

---

## [2015-01-15 10:16] eso

localization review tasks
identify & categorize localization errors
identify areas where bugs are commonly occuring
problem solving: how to fix

---

## [2015-01-15 10:42] eso

-	set up meeting to discuss the finalized design
-	review AVA map tooltip
-	reassign review tasks to Jason and/or Bobby
	-	Fence Vendor
	-	Mounts/Stables
-	audit localization issues
	-	categorize and summarize in Powerpoint doc
- review keyboard data enry on console
	-	using gamepad
	-	using external keyboard

---

## [2015-01-15 10:55] eso

I'm looking at keyboard data entry now - unable to login to the game. maybe I need to patch again?

---

## [2015-01-15 11:10] eso

patching game again. moving on to AVA tooltip review

---

## [2015-01-15 13:09] eso

doing some mockup for Paul re: Guild Screen

---

## [2015-01-15 14:24] eso

moving on to AVA tooltip review now that BVT is up
console BVT seems to be failing still. will pull down another client

---

## [2015-01-15 15:46] eso

jumping around between tasks not getting much done. When redesigning Character Create pay attention to how the hint bar icons suck

FINISH should be assigned to Options
(SQUARE) should be assigned to Lock Value
(TRIANGLE) should be assigned to Randomize

RACE should be renamed GENERAL
CLASS widgets should be incorporated into the GENERAL tab

---

## [2015-01-15 18:51] eso

Map tooltips working so much better now

---

## [2015-01-15 22:34] eso

Modal dialog as its currently designed and implemented transitions really awkwardly. Need to solve this. Isnt cool

---

## [2015-01-15 23:20] eso

working out alternate design schemes for localized vendor inventory
revision work on map tooltips

---

## [2015-01-16 11:42] eso

Spoke to Jason & Bobby about revised list format to account for localization errors in Vendor inventory & Skills list

Need to take a second look at Vendfor inventory to validate the design update

---

## [2015-01-16 14:45] eso

have setup design review meeting for next wednesday

---

## [2015-01-17 20:50] eso

Vendor Inventory feedback

parametric list layout does not match inventory list template (they should be identical)

SELL ITEMS
Should items be segmented as they are in inventory?
Yes
Instead of a single weapons category, there should be

1-Handed Melee
2-Handed Melee
Shield
Bow
Destruction Staff
etc...

1. Don't place weapons in a single category. They should be categorized Items should be categorized identically as they are in the player inventory

2. Remove the text "Quickslots" in all list cagetory names
For example: "QUICK SLOTS-POTION" should instead state "POTION"

3. Sort order of items in categories should be By Cost Then By Name

---

## [2015-01-18 14:30] eso

posting vendor inventory specification to confluence

---

## [2015-01-18 14:34] eso

finally, on to the creative work. what can I include in the design strategy presentation for Wednesday?
More than anything I want to show that these changes are achievable
The proposed changes are solutions to pain points in the existing design


show detail of panel edge treatment in desired styling vs. actual

P4	replace generic grid system panels with modified panel placement
	x	created new presentation
	x	2-up
	x	3-up
	-	wide
	-	fullscreen
	-	map
	-	options menu
	-	modal dialog
	-	create lootwindow template
	-	create conversation template

P1	refine panel header to better support localization
	x	update paging schem for clarity
	x	typography

P2	Show visual scheme applied to map design
	x	refining map tooltips
	x	swapping in assets to normalize
	x	update quest picker list
	-	update legend screen
	x	update location picker list
	x	update screen paging
	x	add dropdown menu to Map filter view
	x	include verbose use case for filterlist
	x	radio button widgets precede text label?

P1	FInalize dialog design
	x	solve modal dialog layout awkwardness

P1	Update Skills design
	-	apply new panel headers
	-	correct list offsets and panel to vertically center content

P1	Show visual scheme applied to quest journal
	x	update gfx

P1	SHow visual scheme applied to vendor inventory

P2	SHow visual scheme applied to loot dialog
P2	Show visual scheme applied to conversation dialog
P2	Show visual scheme applied to b2p shop design

P4	Show visual scheme applied to Guild screens
P4	Show visual scheme applied to AVA design

---

## [2015-01-18 21:20] eso

adding layout scheme to Map Quest picker
experimenting with inventory design - the hyeader font doesn't solve for localization as adequately as it might - looking at other choices now

---

## [2015-01-18 23:28] eso

updated inventory design panel headers and shifted list + tooltip pointer to vertical center

---

## [2015-01-19 00:03] eso

I've reformatted all the dialogs, but the placement of the panel is questionable -

try this choreography instead. Can preview in Axure?
-	model dialog transitions in from left on top of existing screen content
-	screen does not dim behind dialog
-	transitions out to left
-	screen hint transitions?

---

## [2015-01-19 00:39] eso

updated inventory options menu

---

## [2015-01-19 10:36] eso

working from home
still tweaking map tooltips

---

## [2015-01-19 11:17] eso

SHOW ALLIANCE
	-	ALL

---

## [2015-01-19 14:21] eso

getting some sketches of legend panel going. no need to focus on this right this moment. What to do next?

Apply visual schem to Guild Screen

---

## [2015-01-19 16:55] eso

working on Map legend screen

Players
Travel
Merchants
Services
Guilds

---

## [2015-01-19 17:39] eso

finishted better version of legend scren .good enough for now.

---

## [2015-01-19 21:09] eso

doing some refinement to paging nav and wprking out wordwrapped solution prior to integrating Guild Roster screen w the design

---

## [2015-01-20 00:36] eso

started applying to guild screen. straightforward so far. not sure how to defocus paging nav

-	apply layout to Roster screen
-	Create wordwrapped use case for paged nav

---

## [2015-01-20 10:19] eso

finalize any existing use cases that demonstrate a point to be made for design strategy review tomorrow

-	Where am I?
-	What do I do next?
-	Panel Header
	-	concise vs. verbose
-	Item list
	-	concise vs. verbose
-	Menu List
	-	concise vs. verbose
-	Show changes to grid system
	-	this is intented to describe the dimplicity and details of gfx swapping


Capture screen shots for A?B comparisons
x	Inventory
x	Skills
-	Maps
-	Character Create
-	Guilds
-	Dialog samples
-	Alchemy

---

## [2015-01-20 10:40] eso

right now
-	finish guild roster cleanup
-	apply larger header to existing work
	-	inventory
	-	Skills
	-	Maps
	-	Dialogs
	-	Alchemy

---

## [2015-01-20 13:04] eso

completed modified roster layout (single use case not the entire flow)

---

## [2015-01-20 13:52] eso

Detail localization strategy
	-	panel headers
	-	vertical lists

Interaction patterns
-	Defocused panel

---

## [2015-01-20 14:17] eso

completed source material
x	Maps
-	Skills
	-	update w new gfx
-	Guilds
	-	fix keybindings
	x	create member actions menu
-	Dialogs

---

## [2015-01-20 16:37] eso

started moving material into powerpoint
x	Inventory
x	Skills
x	Journal
-	Dialogs
x	Guild Heraldry
x	Guild Roster
x	Localization Strategy

---

## [2015-01-20 17:00] eso

bringing skills redesign up to current spec

---

## [2015-01-20 17:42] eso

finished updating skills

---

## [2015-01-20 17:50] eso

next:
screen capture current state of map and match for A/B comparison w redesign

then:
dialogs
look for existing cases and screen capture?

then:
Guild Hub & Guild Roster
screen capture existing

---

## [2015-01-20 22:26] eso

doing some finetuning of Alchemy screen, list is too narrow
can either widen or

---

## [2015-01-20 22:43] eso

Alchemy can be so much better if upon selection nav1 defocuses and gthe available slots are navigable. solvents would assign exactly as before. Nav1 can become an item tooltip... brilliant.

---

## [2015-01-21 00:15] eso

added A/B comparisons for maps and guilds

---

## [2015-01-21 00:15] eso

continuing to add additional A/B comparisonms - is likely that I've got too much material and can pare down later

---

## [2015-01-21 10:33] eso

contacted Zindagi regarding AVA screen feedback. Next steps?

reviewing presentation as it stands and planning what I'm going to say and not say at the meeting later this afternoon

---

## [2015-01-21 10:38] eso

rebuilding in-Game store w Roster template

---

## [2015-01-21 10:44] eso

The way I phrased my intent in the meeting invite is straightforward. Thats' what I need to stick to - on the create/problem solving side

What I expect to gain from the meeeting is:
-	aesthetic/consumer-based reactions
-	scope
	-	how much effort is involved in applying these changes
	-	how do these changes relate to the consistency review Ken has been putting together?
	-	do these changes conflict with any other agendas?
-	Priority and scheduling
-	Who will be involved with these changes
-	How can I expedite these changes?
	-	Is there anything else I need to provide?


Over the past 2 weeks, I’ve been reviewing work and speaking with Jared, Erich and Paul about concerns and proposed solutions to ongoing UX and visual quality issues. This meeting is to talk about the final stretch of our development efforts.

Some of you have already seen bits and pieces of the work samples in question. I hope you’ll recognize that I’m speaking about commercially-driven refinements to the design, not a radical rethink of what’s already working. The work I’ll introduce is informed by the opportunities and limitations provided by our existing design templates.

Agenda
I’ll be showing A/B comparisons of in-game vs. desired that address 3 fundamental concerns:
•	Where am I/What can I do next?
•	Localization
•	Readability

The solutions I’ve designed primarily involve:
•	Visual language refinements to UI panels
•	Refinements to list formatting to better support long/localized content
•	panel headers/paging nav
•	font sizing for tooltips & data values
•	the hintbar
•	modal dialogs

Takeaway
•	Scope
•	Priority
•	Task Ownership/Assignment

---

## [2015-01-21 11:34] eso

nearly fionished with store. Simple edits

---

## [2015-01-21 11:55] eso

OK. So now I can think about what to include, what to remove. If I was attending this presentation, what would I want to know first?

-	simplified messaging on the hint bar
-	moved primary stats from interaction panel to the hintbar
-	incorporated defocused panel interaction nto skills screen for greater clarity in skill assignment
-	increased font size for primary stats
-	where possible, normalized content towards the vertical center of the screen
-	refined visual language for UI panels

---

## [2015-01-21 14:21] eso

I'm ready

---

## [2015-01-21 15:52] eso

presentation went well. Everyone liked what they saw. Only questions are how to schedule and prioritize. Nick asked me to identify how we can split this task up into manageable chunks - with a focus on localization first

The largest issue that was identified was moving primary stats from NAV1 into the hintbar
-	identify specifically which stats for which screens

---

## [2015-01-22 13:40] eso

wrapping up identifying necessary next steps to finalization
	-	categorize
	-	prioritize
	-	show relationships?

There's a meeting later today called by Ala with Nick & I to discuss acceptance criteria for finalization. I won't have all taks broken out into a speadsheet but can at least bring printout of mindmap with me

---

## [2015-01-22 22:42] eso

deposit/withdraw dialogs

BANK
is difficult for me to know which currerncy I'm looking at due to noimenclature
Feel like I need to see my bank balance and my curret cash together
otherwise feels like I'm never seeingty the other value I need
currency widget 2.0 has some nice features
need to use it a bit further
initial thought is that if digits are goib

---

## [2015-01-22 23:16] eso

looking at Paul's work on Guilds

GUILD FEEDBACK

-	navigating through to set rank permissions feels very slippery, was easy to use with dpad - feeling that analog stick motion needs to be constrained further on this

-	navigating color list in Guild Heraldry feels amazing. Very smooth. FLuid & controllable.

-	selected color is communicated well. wondering if the checkmark can be bigger? concerned abiout readabilkity from a distance

-	have never felt good about the "feature Cost" label on this screen. Every feature costs the same, so why show that at all. Instead, we should show "Cost to Guild" here, as this is the actiomable quantity. Lets also remove the cost value from the hintbar label.


- In Heraldry - when I'm selecting a color or pattern, make the "Select" option on the hintbar dim when focused on the current selection instead of hiding

-	The icons in the STYLE sections of background & Crest seem small. Concerned about readability. What is the actual asset size?

-	In Guild History, confirming into a state where I can page through non-interactive content feels like an unnecessary step. Would like to provide support for paging w LT/RT at all times

-	Guild History font size is too small needs to be ZoFontGamepad34 or larger

-	GUILD SELECT SCREEN
-	Transition from Guild Select to Guild Options and back needs to be directional. Look at the Item options transition on the inventory screen as an examplee of this

-	Make Guild Header Screen Title read SELECT GUILD

-	LEAVE GUILD CONFIRMATION DIALOG
	-	don't include icon in guild name in the conformation dialog.

-	Remove "Equipped main Hand" label from guild roster member tooltip

-	Add Rank dialogt. When dropdown menu opens, it isnt perfectly aligned with the text it opens on top of, which makes the text look like it shifts position when the menu is opened

---

## [2015-01-22 23:52] eso

unrelated feedback
All MODAL DIALOGS
-	can Jason K show me what these look like with transition removed and with black bkg gfx removed?

---

## [2015-01-23 00:11] eso

TODO: Ask Andrew: Does Dropdown list support variable sized text?

TODO: Provide feedback for currency counter 2.0 widget

---

## [2015-01-23 01:15] eso

cleaned up (simplified) design for banking. Can apply same principles to Guild Bank

---

## [2015-01-23 15:46] eso

Taking a look at Blacksmithing. Geoff at Zindagi is working on it. Marc is going to cleanup the design.

GENERAL
-	Remove the empty spacing in the x/y value in the capacity label
-	Adjust position & font size of Blacksmithing meter as described in hintbar doc
-	move capacity label from navigation panel to hintbar (see hintbar design doc for reference)


HUB
-	List is placed too low onscreen. Vertical positioning of menu list needs to be adjusted to match standard
-	List iconography is using PC assets

REFINE
-	The "workbench" gfx need update to console-UI styling
-	Remove horizontal rule gfx from item tooltip
-	When a refinement operation leaves a number leftover items that are less than could be assigned to the workbench, clear the workbench.

CREATE WEAPON/CREATE ARMOR
-	Unreadable at a distance
-	Panel titles here should state "CREATE WEAPON" and "CREATE ARMOR"
-	Remove the subheader label currently in place that states "CREATION"
-	Remove the Blue hilite gfx
-	Various layout fixes for legibility- see confluence for cleaned-up layout
-	TODO: rebuild this design and post to confluence


DECONSTRUCT
-	Combine Deconstruct Weapons and Deconstruct Apparel into a single flat Deconstruct list? The interaction for these types of items is identical
-	The "workbench" gfx need update to console-UI styling
-	panel title should read: DECONSTRUCT


IMPROVEMENT
-	Combine Improve weapons and improve armor into a single Improvement list? The interaction for these types of items is identical
-	Marc had done further detail of this window which included the improvement scale chart and better layout
-	Remove red color coded warning text from Attempt Improvement confiorm dialog
-	Animation here is not good. Anything would be better

RESEARCH
-	Show non researchable traits icons w red color tint
-	when an item is being researched just show the timer. don't show a meter here
-	use console style lock icon for locked t

RESEARCH SELECT ITEM DIALOG
-	layout is not using standardized template
-	Item tooltip placement should be identical to inventory screen


CRAFTING SYSTEM MESSAGES
-	These need to be larger to ensure legibility. See confluence doc (link) for reference
-	TODO: post updated design spec to confluence


-	TODO specify use case for hint bar for all crafting operations
	-	Smithing
	-	Alchemy
	-	Provisioning
	-	Tailoring

---

## [2015-01-24 18:42] eso

reworking Blacksmithing UI

Hache
5-9 Lingot d'orichalque
Dunmer (1 Obsidienne)
Aucun Trait

SPECIAL ENDLESSLYIRON INGOT (2-8)

---

## [2015-01-25 15:36] eso

continuing with documenting full scope of the game UI

---

## [2015-01-26 00:18] eso

I captured screen names and additional informatioon such as layout patter, navigation type and so forth to provide high level overview of the project
I collated and prioritized fianlization tasks

---

## [2015-01-26 11:35] eso

new work priorities, a new group of people to interact with.
I need to produce bi-weekly PO reports for Paul!
Speaking with Chris to see how he does it
Spoke w Chiop about multiline support for vertical list, and its going well
He also mentioned that the headeer text localization strategy was tribvial to implement
Nick checked in to see my task breakdowmn.. That should be ready to send out in next 30 min.

---

## [2015-01-27 12:34] eso

TODO: go through list of priorities and provide gfx support reference to handoff to Zindagi

3.	Panel header legibility and localization pass
	x	Panel header wordwrap use cases
	x	Paging Nav mockup

6.	Hintbar legibility pass
	x	Revised hintbar w updated font sizing is specified in existing hintbar design doc

22.	Move left panel stats down to Hintbar where appropriate
	x	I will provide provide example hintbar configs for those screens I've identified where I want to move stats from nav panel to the hintbar

7.	Item tooltip legibility pass
	-	update item tooltip design doc

8.	Ability tooltips legibility pass
	-	update ability tooltip design doc

11.	Redesign vendor inventory lists for better legibility and localization
	-	ask Chip to show me how vendor inventory lists look w revised list behavior

18.	Keyboard data entry text field legibility pass
	-	I will provide revised dialog template that better supports the keyboard data entry interaction I'm targeting

28.	**Global panel layout update for readability
	-	I will provide examples using existing gridsystem
	-	I will provide standalone examples of redefined panels

29.	Update defocused panel art to support revised gfx
	-	I will provide visual reference for defocused navigation panel

31.	UI color scheme consistency pass
-	I will provide examples of fully self-consistent color scheme applied to existing work
	-	Map
	-	Journal
	-	Skills
	-	Guild

---

## [2015-01-27 17:46] eso

Discussed finalization target w Marc, who provided some good insights into how to get the panels done
Have been busy with infrastructure and review all day. For tonight I need to collate the material that needs to be sent to Zindagi.

---

## [2015-01-27 21:40] eso

I've collated better list of screens requiring hintbar readouts and need to view some of the cases in game and elsewhere to finish collating the use cases in FW then confluence

Started updating gridsystem document - cleanup and updated panel placements, further detail on panel types

---

## [2015-01-27 22:41] eso

Just saw current implementation of HUD qust tracker - pretty cool :) The font is tooo small

---

## [2015-01-27 22:43] eso

revised loading screens are in and looking good. The spinner gfx has strange visual issues when rotating. Marc suggests we swap in a flat gfx
Speak to Jared about them
I feel like some kind of bkg element needs to be behind the text, however vague to seperate it freom the bkg further.
Also need to see how zoFOntGamepad42 looks here instead

---

## [2015-01-27 23:22] eso

did some cleanuip of Alliance War screen while I was looking at hintbar

---

## [2015-01-28 00:05] eso

cleanup of bank design while looking at hintbar

---

## [2015-01-28 01:20] eso

almost done w audit and FW layout for hintbar
-	capture/figure out stats (if any) for character create
-	take a look at armor dyeing and see if anything needs to be specified here

---

## [2015-01-28 10:03] eso

Day is filled with 5 goddamn meetings. Paul asked leads to collate top 10 PTS issues to him for leads meeting. Collatingthat information now.


Meeting agenda notes

CONSOLE UX
-	Trade screen functionality needs to be evaluated during play test. What's missing?
-	Guild store functionality needs to be evaluated. What's missing?



MISLEADING INFORMATION PROVIDED IN ABILITY TOOLTIPS
Tooltips need to be done in regards to criticals. Some of them say 2090 and khajiit passive says 125% and it gives 6%. You need to redo them.


QUICKSLOT UI FAILED ME IN COMBAT
150128-000698
the quick slot would not work during combat despite repeated efforts to get it to proc. It worked fine out of combat.


PROBLEMS WITH MOUNTS/STABLE
	150128-000664
	WhenI logged in for first time- I mounted my horse and was riding the Painted one with spots- but i have never bought this horse. when i looked in my collectables the sspottd one was checked but also said locked.

	150128-000510
	The new riding skill does not reflect the +10 bonus to stamina that was provided by the 42K black horse. I'm assuming this is true for the speed and carrying capacity mounts as well. We were promised that we wouldn't lose any gain we had received by buying and upgrading our mounts before this change

	150128-000734
	Logged into existing character. Had a mount that I never owned. I used a wayshrine and now I have no mount and my camera was reset upon using the wayshrine as well. Visit stable and have no mount.

	150128-000759
	The bonuses we bought with expensive horses on live do not show up in the riding skills.

	(From PTS Bugs & Issues Thread on Forums)
	When I log in to a character that had been using a horse to increase bag capacity, that character is not using the horse, and items that were above their personal storage capacity are gone.

	150128-000547
	When you first log into the new mount system, you don't have a mount equipped. If you were using a mount for extra carrying capacity and are over your new capacity, then it looks like some of your inventory gets deleted. Also, when you first equip a mount with the new system, your max inventory count in the inventory screen doesn't update until you go to your bank

	150128-000533
	I was able to mount a midnight steed which I don't own. This appears to be because neither of the two horses I do own was set active when I mounted. After a smount is set active the mindnight steed is no longer available.

	150128-000499
	Prior to update 6 I had two mounts on my main--one Imperial and one Palomino. Both had custom names. After the update only the Imperial horse had the custom name. The palomino was in the stable if that matters. Thanks!

INCONSISTENT STACKABLES
150128-000552
All items in bank and inventory now stack to 200 which is great!! thank you, but the bait items such as crawlers, worms, insect parts etc. are not stacking to 200. Is there a particular reason for this?



PROBLEM WITH GUILD STORE?
150128-000744
I bought a set piece 'fang of the Viper' Purple, VR 14 from a guild store and it was send to me before the copy. The mail and the dagger are there, and I can take the dagger into my inventory, but I can't improve it. it doesn't show up in the improvement window. I am 100% sure improving this item is possible on live, because I did exactly that just yesterday.


POOR FEEDBACK/LATENCY ISSUE WHEN EQUIPPING ITEMS
150128-000749
Equiping new gear works fine, but it takes a long time until it actually shows on the character. I just equiped a completly new set of gear and it showed me running around in my old gear and took several tabs in an out of my inventory until the gear changed


VISUAL FIDELITY ISSUE (HAVE NOT SEEN THIS, CAN REPRO?)
150128-000745
UI backround in the Champion System is kinda unfinished (there are some black lines and corrupted textures)



AM I A CRIMINAL OR NOT?
150128-000714
Happened 3x so far. Get notification that I an no longer going to be chased by the law to almost immediately get a notification that I a going to be. Can't tell what i did or whta is going on. Relly needs to be some sort of crime blotter so i know what i did and what crime they are pursuing me for/not for/for. So basically it says i will not be pursued then i will be killed on sight in a matter of seconds without me doing anything.


GAME OVER
150128-000697
Combat with the guards causes the game to pause for several seconds and then I am dead.

SPURIOUS TEXT DURING DECONSTRUCTION
150128-000666
Not really a bug more like useless text, While breaking down armor pieces for thier possible rare upgrade stuff instead of saying the armor was broken down, it says it was repaired even though it was just broken down. just a heads up

WHAT CAN BE COLLECTED?
	150128-000573
	The collectible items that we get from monsters (for the achievements under Trophies) should have a tab in the Collections system. Same with the green and blue fish for the fishing achievements. It would be nice to have those items stored for future reference, especially since there is flavor text attached to the collectibles.

	150128-000568
	Love, love, love the Collections tab! Please add disguises and trophies as well, they clutter up a lot of bank space.


INCONSISTENT STACKABLES
150128-000552
All items in bank and inventory now stack to 200 which is great!! thank you, but the bait items such as crawlers, worms, insect parts etc. are not stacking to 200. Is there a particular reason for this?

---

## [2015-01-28 11:00] eso

getting reference material prepared to send out to Zindagi

HINTBAR
-	Character Create
-	Guild Store
-	Armor Dye




TODO:

TASKS & PRIORITIES
-	post hintbar use cases to confluence and share w Zindagi
-	collate additional gfx work specified previously and share w Zindagi

HUD
-	Ask Michael  to increase font size of HUD quest tracker
-	Ask Michael to increase text field width of upper right alert message

LOADING SCREENS
-	Speak w Jared about new loading screens - have an example ready to show
-	ask Mark Reeves how to trigger the "server is taking too long" message

VENDOR INVENTORY
-	Speak w CHip about vendor inventory. Need to take a look at use cases in-game w fake data to determine next steps here

BANKING
x	update Bank design
-	update Guild Bank design
-	post updated bank designs to confluence
-	speak to Ken to include in Zindagi work list as "Banking Feedback"
-	speak to Paul to get task estimates for revision

SMITHING
-	speak w Geoff about progress on Smithing
	-	point out updated text labels in hint bar to him
-	get screenshots of work in progress

GUILD TRADER
-	speak w Colin and get Guild Trader on their schedule - I'd

---

## [2015-01-28 22:34] eso

PO REPORT
Thursday 1/29/2014

HUD
-	Marc Hudgins working w Zindagi on compass/active effects/bossbar systen
-	Zindagi begining work on VOP and chat
-	Quest tracker implementation is prety nice. Increasing font size for legibilithy

HELP
-	Jason W working w Doug on Help Screen content design and formatting

BTP Store
-	Bobby completed content design work for BTP asset browser
-	Ongoing implementation

Zindagi
-	finished Guild screen cleanup. Alpha complete
-	implementing feedback to AVA & Smithing screens

Finalization
-	Nick and I worked out estimates and priorities for finalizing the design with emphasis on visual formatting work I'd discussed with you and Jared

Bugs
-	ongoing bug fixing. Bug count remains relatively low - possibly due to QA coverage being relatively low

Team
-	continued tension between bug fixing and feature design
-	combining PC & Console scrums to increase visibility of ongoing issues
TODO(ask Yuting why she's combining the Scrums)

Concerns
-	Guild Store
-	Trading
-	Armor Dyeing
Playtesting these systems can provide answers. Will work this into my agenda.

---

## [2015-01-29 00:11] eso

started playing with the /tooltip in-game editor. After about an hour with it, I can see how I can get it to format content the way I want, but not sure how to communicate that information back to engineering. Need to ask Chip how to do so.

created new tooltip content in gridsystem document. Needs further elaboration? Best just to post it and wait for any questions and concerns.

---

## [2015-01-29 12:05] eso

x	send out PO report
-	take a look at inventory issues Chris mentioned in email
-	start setting up tooltip layout in game w /tooltip

---

## [2015-01-29 13:38] eso

HELP
x	meet w Doug & Jason K to discuss formatting issues in help text

SMITHING
x	review screenshots Geoff sent over

AVA
-	check in w Paul on his status

TOOLTIPS
x	speak to Chip about /tooltip functionality
x	how can I transfer the work I do there into something an engineer I can use
x	reformat item tooltips
x	reformat ability tooltips
-	handoff work to Jason to see in game


B2P Store
x	Marc is working on a final revision for items & bundles
x	Bobby is working on ESO Membership Status on Character Select
-	Review Bobby's ESO Membership Status work
-	Speak w Michael about the identity work he's doing for other parts of B2P store

PANELS
x	Marc has done a first pass on updated panels
-	Review work and determine next steps

LOGIN FLOW
-	review QA notes

HUD
-	transfer HUD layout to FW
-	? include updated use case for system messages in HUD layout
-	send Quest tracker update to Margalit

DATAENTRY
-	create revised dialog for keyboard data entry promt

DOCUMENTATION
-	update layout guide doc with revised metrics and named panels
-	include standalone panels in documentation
-	include item tooltip reformat in doc
-	include ability tooltip reformat in doc

CHARACTERSELECT
-	cleanup design

---

## [2015-01-29 15:53] eso

speaking w Michael White about sizing issues w quest tracker
doing some quick mockup in photoshop.

---

## [2015-01-29 17:52] eso

Margalit is doing font swap to provide A/B comparison in-game

---

## [2015-01-29 21:11] eso

new list modifications are in - its cool. need to increase spacing b3etween wordwrapped items though, or truncate unfocused as before.

skill list appears to be wordwrapping content before it hits the edge of the viewable area

---

## [2015-01-30 11:23] eso

reformatting item tooltip



ZO_TOOLTIP_STYLES =
{
	**tooltip =
	{
		fontColorField = 1,
		fontColorType = 14,
		fontFace = "FTN57.otf",
		fontStyle = "soft-shadow-thick",
		paddingLeft = 0,
		paddingRight = 0,
		width = 390,
	},


	topSection =
	{

	},

	topLine =
	{

	},

	title =
	{
		customSpacing = 8,
		fontColorField = 0,
		fontSize = 54,
		uppercase = true,
	},

	abilityStatsSection =
	{
		childSpacing = 3,
		customSpacing = 10,
		statValuePairSpacing = 10,
	}

	baseStatsSection =
	{
		childSecondarySpacing = 3,
		childSpacing = 10,
		customSpacing = 9,
		layoutPrimaryDirection = "right",
		layoutSecondaryDirection = "down",
		statValuePairSpacing = 6,
		widthPercent = 100,
	},

	statValuePair =
	{
		height = 40,
	},

	statValuePairStat =
	{

	},

	statValuePairValue =
	{
		fontColorField = 0,
		fontSize = 42,
	},

	conditionOrChargeBarSection =
	{
		childSecondarySpacing = 3,
		childSpacing = 10,
		customSpacing = 10,
		layoutPrimaryDirection = "right",
		layoutSecondaryDirection = "down",
		statValuePairSpacing = 6,
		widthPercent = 100,
	},

	conditionOrChargeBar =
	{

	},

	bodySection =
	{
		childSpacing = 2,
		customSpacing = 40,
		fontColorField = 7,
		fontFace = "FTN47.otf",
		widthPercent = 100,
	},

	bodyDescription =
	{
		fontSize = 42,
	},

	bodyHeader =
	{
		fontColorField = 0,
		fontFace = "FTN57.otf",
		fontSize = 27,
		uppercase = true,
	},


	flavorText =
	{
		fontSize = 42
	},
}

---

## [2015-01-31 15:21] eso

reformatted item tooltip - not seeing the set item use case, but updated metrics are ok to handoff as is. I've made description font larger to see hoiw that works in game

---

## [2015-01-31 17:46] eso

reformatted ability tooltip

---

## [2015-01-31 18:14] eso

looking at modal dialogs. I've got a design revision started that is a lot better than what's implemented and should be easy to edit existing template

---

