# Raw Entries for September 2015

**Total Entries:** 9
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2015-09-08 16:30] eso

UI tooltip text for Loot History

Provides a visual history of loot and currency picked up in the world that

Provides a visual history of loot, rewards and currency you've acquired as you play

---

## [2015-09-11 16:46] eso

Determines if this character's mount will appear as though not upgraded in speed. You must remount for the changes to take effect.

Determines if this character's mount will appear as though not upgraded in stamina. You must remount for the changes to take effect.

Determines if this character's mount will appear as though not upgraded in capacity. You must remount for the changes to take effect.

---

## [2015-09-15 10:41] eso

What needs to be included in the crown store documentation

PREVIEW MODE
-	time of day control
HINTBAR
PRODUCT TILES
-	new large product tile for DLC
- 	remove instances of 1.5x width product tiles
BUNDLES
-	improved bundling presentation & worklow for PC
CATEGORIES
-	improved behavior of nested categories (PC)
-	add new ESO Plus Category
PURCHASING
-	includes DLC purchase fanfare
ERROR DIALOGS
ESO PLUS
-	Show crown balance on player menu
-	add new ESO Plus category
JUMPING TO PRODUCTS
-	The ability to jump immediately to a product index

---

## [2015-09-17 11:23] eso

DESIGN

(PC) Revise layout of Crown Store menu item found on the main menu

PC:Player Menu:Seperate Crown Store call to action from gameplay related menu items

PC/CONSOLE:Add player crown balance to player menu


PC/CONSOLE:Add ESO Plus membership status to main menu (design)


(PC/CONSOLE) Add new "buy crowns" category to the store for purchasing crowns

ENGINEERING
DLC purchase Fanfare tech review

---

## [2015-09-22 13:13] eso

(9/22/2015 12:03 PM) Yuting Lian:
could you write what you would like the Patch Notes to say about Shield Dying?

(9/22/2015 12:03 PM) Yuting Lian:
Also a small blurb about PC Gamepad support would be appreciated


SUBTITLES
Subtitles for your select language are now available. These are turned on by default and may be disabled in the settings menu


CONTROLLER SUPPORT FOR PC
You can now use an Xbox compatible gamepad with the PC client. Using the gamepad brings the console UI to PC while retaining keyboard support for text chat, data entry and moving around the world. This option can be toggled in the Settings>Gameplay menu


You can now use an Xbox compatible game controller with the PC client by switching to gamepad mode in Settings>Gameplay
Using a game controller brings the fluidity and responsiveness of the console UI to PC while retaining keyboard support for text chat, data entry and moving about the world.
This feature is in beta

SHIELD DYEING
Dye Stations now support shield dyeing.

---

## [2015-09-23 15:53] eso

Categorization for Crown Store

WIDE TILES
Limited Time
DLC/DLC Bundles
Bundles


REGULAR TILES
Limited Time
DLC
Everything Else

---

## [2015-09-24 16:49] eso

Working on creating a master document that pulls all design decisions on the crown store into a single place. Create a Hub document that branches to seperate design documents

Selling and Announcing ESO Plus from Character Select
Crown Store Presence on the Player Menu
ESO Plus Membership on Character Select
Hintbar Actions
Product Announcements Dialog
Preview Mode
Purchase Flow
Purchase Dialogs and Messaging
DLC Fanfare
	- solve for exposing owned DLC to ESO Plus Members at launch
	- solve for exposing purchased DLC after purchase

Product Tiles
Crown Store Itemization
-	Item Grid
-	Product Tiles
	-	Items
	-	Bundles
	-	DLC
-	Usage Requirements
-	Item Tags
	-	Limited Time Offers
	-	New items
	-	Sale items
	-	Already Purchased
	-	Reached Purchase Limit
	-	Requirements Not Met

Crown Store Categorization and Sorting
-	Featured
-	DLC
-	Upgrades
-	Utility
-	Costumes
-	Crafting
-	Mounts
	-	Exotic
	-	Horses
	-	Special
-	Pets
	-	Daedric
	-	Domestic
	-	Exotic
-	Featured
	-	Limited Time offers
	-	DLC
	-	Everything else (a-z)
	<this needs some redesign>

---

## [2015-09-28 10:56] eso

CROWN STORE PLAYER JOURNEY NOTES

Before attempting a user journey you should understand:
-	user goals
-	user motivations
-	current pain points
-	main tasks they want to achieve

The main thing a user journey should contain is a series of steps. It is up to you to decide how many you need to best represent the journey.

For each step, consider:
-	CONTEXT
	where is the user? what is around them? are there any external factors that may be distracting them?

-	PROGRESSION
	how does each step enable them to get to the next?

-	DEVICES

-	EMOTION
	are they engaged, bored, annoyed?

If the purpose of your user journey is to show the current state of affairs then make sure to highlight any changes to pain points which a future solution will solve. If it is to show the future state then think of ways which an ideal world could look, highlighting the benefits to the user and the business.


PC

START:
LAUNCHER
-	STORE
	-	opens browser to ESO Store landing page
		https://account.elderscrollsonline.com/store
		-	can purchase various editions of the game

			-	Digital Imperial Edition
				-	$79.99
				-	comes w various bonuses
					-	Play as Imperial
					-	Imperial White Horse
					-	Transform gear to Imperial Style
					-	Rings of Mara
					-	Mudcrab vanity pet
					-	Craft gear in Imperial Style

			-	Digital Standard Edition
				-	$59.99

		-	can purchase ESO Plus membership
		-	can purchase crown packs

LOGIN SCREEN

---

## [2015-09-29 11:07] eso

Scenario1
I just downloaded the game and I want to play now
When I login to the game for the first time, I'll see announcements of newly available products:
	- 	newly featured items
	-	downloadable content (?)

Let's say that there have been 3 DLC releases up until this point
-	I'm a new player
	-	What should I see when I login for the first time?
		-	Any relevant announcements
		-	What about the 3 DLC packages that I missed?
			-	I can view that material in the Crown Store
			-	I do not want to clutter the new player experience by advertising material they don't even know that they need

* notes: I don't think that I should need to be informed of available DLC in-game. At least not in the Announcement panel. On console - this information could play well on the dashboard (PS$_, how about XB1?)

-	I'm a returning player
	-	I've seen each of the





)setlevel 50
)jump mageraid

This starts the raid timer, in a natural play experience the players would walk into the first combat space and this would display
)doactionlist p 108135

Once initiated you can use F12 to target yourself and then )kill to kill yourself

This is an example of points being granted, as if the Raid killed a boss (you can run this multiple times to keep giving yourself points)
)doactionlist p 108137

This will stop the raid timer and display the final score
)doactionlist p 108136


-Robbie

---

