# Raw Entries for March 2015

**Total Entries:** 24
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2015-03-01 14:13] eso

The Daggerfall Covenant
Surrounded by enemies, the bretons, redguards and orcs of the Iliac Bay have united to form the Daggerfall Covenant. They fight to protect their people and if possible to save all tamriel from the dire forces that threaten it

The Aldmeri Dominion
BBelieveing they can counter the threat to RTamriel, the Elder races have founded the Almeri Dominion. High Elves, Wood Elves, and the feloine Khajiithave formed an alliance of mysticism, cunning and ferocity

The Ebonheart Pact
The Ebonheart pact was forged in war when eatern Tamriel was invaded by the Akaviri. The Nords of Skyrim, Dark Elves of Morrowind and free Argonians united to oppose them. The pact endured and confronts new perils as one.




Breton
The racial skills of the Bretons reflect their affinity for the arcane, giving them bonuses to Magicka, Light Armor and Spell Resistance

Nightblade
Nightblades are adventurers and opportunists with a gift for getting in and out of trouble, relying variously on stealth, blades and speed, nightblades thrive on conflict and misfortune, trusting to their luck and cunning to survice




The racial skills of the Dark Elves reflect their intellect and natural agility, giving them bonuses in dual wielding, fire magic, and fire resistance.

The racial skills of the Nords reflect their strong and hardy natures, giving them bonuses with two-handed weapons, health regeneration, and frost resistance

These skillful Masters-At-Arms use the ancient Akaviri martial arts tradition of battle spirit and wield fearsome magic that pounds, shatters and physically alters the world around them

---

## [2015-03-02 09:17] eso

working in JIRA to group related bugs as bug tasks under stories

x	Trade
x	Maps
-	Guilds
-	Dataentry

---

## [2015-03-03 10:38] eso

Text Entry Workflow
-	OK	Login
-	OK	Create Account
-	OK	Link Account






CHARACTER CREATE
-	Name Entry
	- David

CONTACTS
-	Add Friend Dialog
-	Add Ignore Dialog

GUILDS
-	Add Member dialog
-	Add Rank Dialog
-	Rename Rank Dialog
-	Edit Note Dialog
-	Change About Us
-	Change Message of the Day

GROUP SCREEN
-	Invite Player Dialog

CUSTOMER SERVICE
-	Anchor all content to left edge of panel


COLLECTIONS
-	Rename (accessed from Actions Menu)


MAIL SCREEN CLEANUP
-	inbox text entry fields still use PC styling
-	weird flow for entering To:  does not match pattern used for SUBJECT or MESSAGE
-	attachment icon slots are using a gfx that is being scaled past its native resolution (looks soft)
-	Sent gold value does not align properly with "Sent Gold" label
-	To, Subject, Message, Sent Gold, Attachments ;abels need to use tan coor instead of grey





TUTORIALS
-	Remove Search text field from item list

PAGING NAV CLEANUP
-	Paging Nav control used in CONTACTS & GUILD ROSTER lists does not match design





Radial Menu

Map Tooltips

Money Widget

---

## [2015-03-05 10:29] eso

delegating HUD tasks

from Margalit

Thank you for the notes! Here are my notes on your notes:


RESPOND
When do you estimate we'll have new markups for all of this?
This looks like just changing the font variable in a bunch of places but thatcould throw off spacing and require a lot of small tweaking.
Also, is someonecurrently working on the font change for Active Combat Tips? Because that onerequires setting up swapping between gamepad and PC mode.


System Messages: See Ken's comments.
Group Frames

IMPLEMENT: MARGALIT

Quest Tracker: By this you mean, there's not double clicking to switch quests? Will the quest tracker go back to fading only slightly after a while and having the background fade out? Or will it remain at full opacity all the time?

Yeah. Lets revert back to the previous behavior, where the tracker doesn't go to sleep
Additionaly, will you set the text labels used for subtask/hint headers (such as "optional step", "hints") to use ZoFontGamepadBold22/All-CAPS. I'm wondering if you can strip out any semi-colons or colons in those strings as well?


DESIGN: GARY
SEND LAYOUT TODAY
Boss Bar: What's the new font size? It's currently (new) 34.
Target Unit Frame: What's the new font size? It's currently (new) 34.
Compass: The text above the compass lines up with the safe zone so increasing it will either clip the compass or force everything in the middle section of the screen down slightly. It's currently (new) 34 point font. What font would you like to increase it to?
Active Combat Tips: Yes that needs a font change!!! For me it's still using PC font. What should the font be?
Center Screen Announcements: What's the new font size?




DESIGN: JASON
Group Frames: We need a gamepad version of EsoUI/Art/UnitFrames/groupIcon_leader.dds
Loot Streamer: Your comments seem to have been replaced by the actionbar comments :P
VOIP Speaker Readout: Is there a new design already?


DONE

Interaction Prompt: Chip switched the "interact with" font to (new) 42 and the "interact type" font to (new) 34 uppercase.
Actionbar: I have a change in code review removing the PC-style "swapper" gfx on Gamepad.
Popup Tutorial: Being handled by David
Death Recap: Chad did the gamepad update for this so send bugs and design reviews his way.

---

## [2015-03-05 10:39] eso

CROWN STORE FEEDBACK

In case you wanted them for reference from the earlier playtest:

•	Sound is really low for cycling through tiles.
•	Crowns icon is too small next to balance. It's smaller than the cost icons.
•	Buy Crowns dialogue has PlaystationStore with really large Restricted in circle symbol and no space between Playstation Store.
•	Inventory capacity kind of gives you a false impression that these items will go into inventory. Can make you think you can't purchase more.
•	Still need to fix camera rotation as it has too much acceleration.
•	When you are previewing a bundle that has only one thing to preview, the L2/R2 for Previous/Next show up but they're disabled.
•	Header for tooltips is different between single items and bundles. For bundles, they follow a different convention where the category of bundle is underneath the title, whereas individual items have the category of item above it.
•	You can't notice that there are more items below 6 tiles because the bar is way too subtle.
•	Going down when there's more than 6 tiles should work off of for any of the 3 tiles in the bottom visible row.
•	Cycling between previews (specifically mounts) looks silly because you sink into the ground briefly. This does not occur on PC.
•	Collections notifications are not sending you directly to the collection.


ACTION ITEMS
-	Update Player menu to group crown store & collection together


-	set custom position on hintbar for PREVIEW/BUNDLE DETAIL to seperate this option from the other available options
	-	This option should be shown at all times, and made dim if not available for the current selection
-	set custom position for PREVIOUS/NEXT controls on the hintbar when in preview mode
	-	Hide these controls when there's only a single item available for preview
-	Remove inventory capacity from hint bar
-	BUY CROWNS should be placed on the right edge of the screen
-	Tooltips
	-	Item names need to be shown in a single color - do not use color coding typically assigned to rarity
	-	Fix layout and positioning issues as addressed in my previous design feedback

Confirm Purchase Dialog
-	on dialog entry set list focus to PURCHASE (any items in the purchase will appear above this option)
-	items listed in this dialog need to use same color coding as in item tooltip



 )usevcstore setvc 100000 0

---

## [2015-03-08 10:37] eso

Keep inventory outsize of any submenus



Notifications
Crown Store
Inventory
Collections

Character >
Journal >
Multiplayer >
Communication >

Help
Options
Logout



CHARACTER
Character Sheet
Skills
Champion


move Quests into the Journal Category:

JOURNAL
Quests
Leaderboards
Lore Library
Achievements

Move Groups into Multiplayer

MULTIPLAYER
Groups
Alliance War
Contacts
Guilds

---

## [2015-03-08 12:22] eso

new character creation is in. is looking good

Body Type/Head Type Mixer control
-	gfx showing position needs to be larger

---

## [2015-03-08 16:34] eso

Steps to reproduce:
1. Launch ESO on PS4/Xbox.
2. )setalliance 2
3. )createitem 27114 1 1 1, )createitem 36568 1 1 1
4. Quickslot the siege weapons.
5. Press up on the d-pad and select a siege weapon.
6. Press up again to bring up the ground target reticle.
7. Press and hold up again on the d-pad to change the selected quickslot item.
8. Attempt to press up to place the siege weapon.

Observed result:
If the player switches the quicksloted siege while the ground target is already up, then they will be unable to place the siege weapon. This does not happen on the PC. In order to close the ground target, the player then needs to attack/block/crouch/swap weapons.

Expected result:
Player is able to place a siege weapon if a quickslot selection is changed while the ground target reticle is up.


eso.rc.1.6.5.1130776 2015/03/07 01:23:34 (2100.win.1130786.rc.1130776)

---

## [2015-03-10 15:41] eso

Chad at Zindagi has some available cycles. Here's what I'd like him to work on:

Guild Trader Bid/Hire
Loading Screen
NPC Conversation dialog

---

## [2015-03-11 15:52] eso

Beta Public RC Xbox build
Retail Public SCEA PS4 build
Client: eso.rc.1.6.5.1130709 Region: eso.rc.1.6.5.1130776

ESO-400432
ESO-400437

\\hvault\departments\Art\UI\CurrentAssets\Login\Gamepad\console-Ouroboros.dds

---

## [2015-03-16 13:40] eso

Xbox Beta Public and PS4 Retail Public SCEE (Client: eso.rc.16.5.1133929 Region: eso.rc.1.6.5.1133889).

---

## [2015-03-17 21:56] eso

Login: Update layout of "waiting" dialog to match design

Login: Account Menu: Non standard parametric list needs additional layout work
Focused item text should use ZoFontGamepad42
Align focused item to vertical center of panel

Login: Create Account: Fix layout country selector dropdown menu
replace text field with standard dropdown label + chevron gfx
remove bkg from country list and hide previous menu when showing
Focused item text should use ZoFontGamepad42
Align focused item to vertical center of panel

Login: Create Account: Non standard parametric list needs additional layout work
"Create Account" Menu item text is too small when focused (should use ZoFontGamepad42)
Focused item should align to panel vertical center


Login: Link Account: Non standard parametric list needs additional layout work
"Login" Menu item text is too small when focused (should use ZoFontGamepad42)
Focused item should align to panel vertical center

Login: Welcome/Warning Dialog text is too small
update typography and layout to match design
Welcome Dialog (Create Account)
Welcome Dialog (Link Account)
Warning Dialog (Link Account)

Login:Update layout of legal screens to match design
Adjust position of title in this panel header to match standard panel header
Force capitalization on all legal text


Steps to reproduce:
1. Login as a new user
2. Step through the login flow past the EULA screen

visual reference:
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com:8444/display/EP/Console+log+in+and+account+linking+flows

---

## [2015-03-18 15:56] eso

create a new character
)addexp 100000
go to the skills menu and scroll thorugh your character's class skill lines

observed
skills in the preview panel appear in a flat list without further indication that they can be purchased or have been assigned

expected
skills in the preview panel show rich information showing they can be purchased or morphed or have beeen assigned to the ability bar

upon zooming in and out of a map, whenever the next map level is presented, it defaults to the center of that map. Instead, can new map levels attempt to center upon the player's relative position?

---

## [2015-03-20 11:08] eso

No abilities available for assignment
No skill purchases
Purchase abilities to assign here

---

## [2015-03-20 14:36] eso

Computer, belay that order. Not if I weaken first. The Federation's gone; the Borg is everywhere! I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer. And in an attack against the Enterprise, I will die with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet. That might've been one of the shortest assignments in the history of Starfleet. Then maybe you should consider this: if anything happens to them, Starfleet is going to want a full investigation. Well, that's certainly good to know. For an android with no feelings, he sure managed to evoke them in others. Damage report! About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked. This should be interesting. I'll alert the crew. Worf, It's better than music. It's jazz. Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. Sure. You'd be surprised how far a hug goes with Geordi, or Worf. Computer, lights up! You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir. We know you're dealing in stolen ore. But I wanna talk about the assassination attempt on Lieutenant Worf.

---

## [2015-03-20 16:49] eso

If you just )addexp and add a high amount, it should give you points once you advance past Veteran ranks



some additional things you can do

)champion reset will clear all of your points
)champion respec will attempt to respec the points (as long as you have 3000g)
)champion buyability <abilityid> is a way to add them without the UI
)showenlightened will show you what your enlightened pool is, and how long until the next tick
)setenlightened you can set it to whatever you like

---

## [2015-03-22 17:11] eso

Under the Thief’s influence the Tower raises your Stamina and makes you more efficient with Spells and Abilities

Under the Thief’s influence the Shadow grants you Stamina and helps you Elude your enemies

---

## [2015-03-25 14:53] eso

Make yourself leader of the RC Verify guild named WAD Squad
)guild makeleader 1069

---

## [2015-03-26 16:30] eso

Please provide an email address we can contact you with about your request for help

Choose the issue that matches your problem

Fill out this form and we'll help

Please describe the issue using the form below

ESO-400075

---

## [2015-03-27 15:04] eso

\\hvault\Iron_Galaxy\ESO-CONSOLE-DESIGN\templates\docs\CollatedDailyPlaytestFeedback.docx

ESO-402346

Guildmaster
CAN DEPOSIT GOLD
CAN WITHDRAW GOLD

-	receives appropriate message on deposit screen
	-	because player has no gold
-	does not recieve appropriate message on the withdraw screen
	-	able to choose withdraw gold when there are no guild funds available

Guild Member has permissions to use the bank
-	receives appropriate null message on deposit screen
	-	because player has no gold
-	does not receive appropriate message on withdraw screen
	-	able to choose withdraw gold when there are no guild funds available

Guild Member does not have permission to use the bank
-	recieves "no permission to deposit" on deposit screen
-	recieves "no permission to deposit" on withdraw screen

---

## [2015-03-27 17:39] eso

capturing Guild Banking bugs here:

GUILD BANK WITHDRAW
-	header stats should read:
	-	GUILD FUNDS
	-	PLAYER CAPACITY

GUILD BANK DEPOSIT
-	header stats should read:
	-	PLAYER FUNDS
	-	GUILD CAPACITY

`
If I'm unable to use the bank because I don't have enough guild members - I shouldn't be allowed to go to the bank at all. That information should be communicated in the conversation dialog - except... I could be a member of multiple guilds. crap.

---

## [2015-03-28 19:45] eso

I belong to 1 guild with 9 members

Guild bank menu disabled
Guild store not available

I belong to 1 guild with 10 members
Guild Bank available
Guild Store Not available


I belong to 2 guilds
guild 1 has 9 members
guild 2 has 50 members

Guild bank menu goes to bank UI for guild 2



//
Disable Guild Bank menu item in the Banker coversation dialog when no eligible guilds

//
Only members of eligible guilds can enter the guild bank
I can go to the Guild Bank, if my Guild has a guild bank

//
options I domn't have permission for are shown as disabled

---

## [2015-03-29 14:13] eso

current behavior

I am not a member of any guild
Guild Bank (PC/GAMEPAD)
-	system message: "you are not a member of any guild"

Guild Store (PC/GAMEPAD)
-	system message: "you are not a member of any guild"

1 Guild Members less than 10
Guild Bank (bank empty) (GAMEPAD)
-	Banker conversation opens Bank UI/Withdraw
-	Withdraw Mode
	-	Withdraw keybind opens Money dialog
	-	Money dialog is gated at 0 gold
	-	allows confirmation of withdraw 0 gold

- Guild Selection
	-	This is a list of guilds that have guild banks
		-	Only eligible guilds should be shown in this list.
	-	Dialog is using wrong template - should be using modal dialog instead
	-	Show checkmark next to currently selected guild




Options I don't have permission for are shown disabled

---

## [2015-03-31 10:50] eso

summary ~ "french skill points" OR description ~ "french skill points" OR comment ~ "french skill points"

---

