# Raw Entries for August 2015

**Total Entries:** 8
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2015-08-06 16:19] eso

Starting work on Guild Bank tabs design

---

## [2015-08-12 10:32] eso

Bobby had some good insights into how Guild Bank tabs should work. Mapping that out in Visio before moving into FW

---

## [2015-08-12 11:11] eso

making some edits to dialog templates to right align that content for visual cleanup moving forward.

---

## [2015-08-12 11:23] eso

Not an urgent need, but needed to feel my creativity flowing

---

## [2015-08-14 13:22] eso

The Imperial City resembles a huge public dungeon with quests in which all three alliances can fight at once.

---

## [2015-08-18 11:29] eso

ESO 429803
option 1: show error dialog at attempt to travel to player within friend list

what other methods can a player use to travel to another player?

can this solution work for when a single player attempts to travel to Imperial city (using the map) when they don't have access?
-	This issue was solved in ESO-425307 in a way that showed the gating condition and preveented travel at all

---

## [2015-08-25 13:21] eso

GLOBAL CLEANUP TO ALL CENTER SCREEN ANNOUNCEMENTS
1. All content in a center screen announcement should be center aligned

REINFORCEMENT OF DLC PURCHASES W CENTER SCREEN ANNOUNCEMENTS

2. Center screen announcements used to provide feedback for DLC purchases must:

-	include a larger product graphic than other purchases so they stand out visually. This graphic should appear underneath the text rather than beside it

- include a dedicated audio cue to reward the purchase. The timing of this audio cue should match up with the transition in of the announcement

---

## [2015-08-31 11:22] eso

SONY
Entrance to this zone requires the IMPERIAL CITY expansion. Expansions can be purchased from the Crown Store, or unlocked with an ESO Plus membership available on the PlayStation(R) Store


MICROSOFT
Entrance to this zone requires the IMPERIAL CITY expansion. Expansions can be purchased from the Crown Store, or unlocked with an ESO Plus membership available on the Xbox Store

---

