# Raw Entries for December 2016

**Total Entries:** 130
**Projects:** eso, skinjester.com work

---

## [2016-12-01 09:53] eso

picking up where I left off on the Buy Crowns design. Have come full circle to my original idea (lol) and am testing out button sizes on my phone

---

## [2016-12-01 10:06] eso

sort of working. not optimal - mobile users can't see all the offerings at once. Seeing if I can integrate accordion pattern

---

## [2016-12-01 10:47] eso

I have a better solution for the mobile view - will need to call it out in the design doc. 4-up layout is shown. pressing the button opens modal dialog with platform choices

---

## [2016-12-01 12:40] eso

met with Cory earlier for 1 on 1

---

## [2016-12-01 14:33] eso

x	integrate purchase panel dimensions in all views
x	refine layout of purchase panels
	create modal dialog purchase prompt

-	P1	Responsive layout Buy Crowns
-	P1	update ZOS AX prototype
-	P2	design doc for Buy Crowns page template
-	P2	Update Universal Nav design
-	P2	Design Document Universal Navigation (Menu System)
-	P2	update confluence w updated layouts
x	P3	Consider Updating Site footer to math left-aligned layout I did for marketing page
x	P3	Design Document Site Footer

---

## [2016-12-01 16:10] eso

first draft for panel refinement
tweaking image & font sizing

---

## [2016-12-01 16:31] eso

doing some cleanup on the site menu to it shows proper state and seeing if opening in parent frame is cleaner than new page

-	P2	Update Universal Nav design
x	P1	create modal dialog purchase prompt
x	P1	Responsive layout Buy Crowns
-	P1	update ZOS AX prototype
-	P2	design doc for Buy Crowns page template
-	P2	Design Document Universal Navigation (Menu System)
x	P2	update confluence w updated layouts
x	P3	Consider Updating Site footer to math left-aligned layout I did for marketing page
x	P3	Design Document Site Footer

---

## [2016-12-05 13:02] eso

Web Sync meeting notes

Newsletter CTA
too many fields in proposed signup
	-	verify w Hilary
TODO: style a beautiful form in the wireframe using the verbose fields provided

back on daily SCRUM schedule
TODO: SCRUm 7a daily

PREORDER USER FLOW
TODO: update preorder flow on marketing page
	- how are other retailers exposed?

TODO: layout for buy now page
	- use pre-order page as a guide
	- these layouts should match

MARKETING PAGE
TODO: Replace marketing page lorem ipsum with specific copy

---

## [2016-12-05 16:15] eso

-	P0 SCRUM 7a daily
-	P1 design doc for Buy Crowns page template
x	P1 update marketing page wireframes t
-	P2 update preorder flow on marketing page
-	P2 responsive layout for buy now page
-	P3 update ZOS AX prototype
-	P2 Update Universal Nav design
-	P3 Style a beautiful form in the wireframe using the verbose fields provided
-	P3 Replace marketing page lorem ipsum with specific copy
-	P3 Design Document Universal Navigation (Menu System)

---

## [2016-12-05 19:27] eso

wrapped up layout for Buy Now page
will post documentation to confluence next worksession

---

## [2016-12-06 08:18] eso

more clarification on the marketing page
The Buy Now button in the Universal Nav will change to say “Pre-Order Now” and will link to the new “Pre-Order” page. From there, you’ll be able to get to the existing Buy Now page if the user wants to.
·         This will be a de-emphasis of the Buy Now page, which will result is some drop of sales in the name of having many more pre-orders to make up for that.


The Newsletter needs to have a checkbox for being over 18, and should otherwise be reduced to just an email address.
·         This is an increase from 13, the old Legal requirement we had
·         We’re in favor of losing more information about the user (specific age, name, platform and country)
o   We can’t get the country, though we can get the language from the URL

---

## [2016-12-06 08:22] eso

editing wireframe to share w group( chat)

---

## [2016-12-06 10:09] eso

Sent this material out to group discussion
Have modified the wireframes based on current discussion
1. Added Buy ESO Now purchase prompt on the Landing Page and the Preorder Page
2. The Buy Now prompt in the Universal Nav now states Preorder Volcano
3. Note the absence of a prompt in the Universal Nav on the Preorder Page
4. Added age confirmation checkbox to the Newsletter signup

---

## [2016-12-06 10:10] eso

x	P1 final pass on Buy Crowns layout
-	P1 design doc for Buy Crowns page template

-	P2 update preorder flow on marketing page
-	P2 responsive layout for buy now page (wireframes)

-	P3 update ZOS AX prototype
-	P2 Update Universal Nav design
-	P3 Style a beautiful form in the wireframe using the verbose fields provided
-	P3 Replace marketing page lorem ipsum with specific copy
-	P3 Design Document Universal Navigation (Menu System)

---

## [2016-12-06 10:54] eso

some issues coming up in Slack for discussion at afternoon meeting

What goes in the News Section?
-	is this curated/pinned content?
-	is the the last n-items in the Announcement Feed

Refinement of purchase flow (wireframe)
-	estimated 4h
- 	can look at this this tomorrow

Visual design pass
-	Refinement of table layout on preorder page
-	Refinement of signup form design
-	Refinement of purchase flow
-	Responsive layout
	-	what happens to the comparison table in a narrow view?
-	pending

Curated content to fill panels

---

## [2016-12-06 13:19] eso

met w workgroup to discuss ongoing
task priorities still valid
present the refined purchase flow tomorrow
expand wireframes to responsive layout

---

## [2016-12-07 08:52] eso

unexpectedly doing some work on the news page when i saw how out of date the design doc was.
assing popular stories section, figuring out that layout

---

## [2016-12-07 10:09] eso

worked out Top Stories sidebar item layout for wide view

P1 design doc for Buy Crowns page template
x update preorder flow on marketing page

P2 add current universal nav to marketing mockups
P2 responsive layout marketing page - visual design w markup for metrics
P2 visual design preorder page

P3 News Page Top Stories side bar responsive layout
P3 Update News Page design doc

P4 responsive layout for buy now page (wireframes)
P4 update ZOS AX prototype
P4 Design Document Universal Navigation (Menu System)

---

## [2016-12-07 10:12] eso

To discuss at web team sync up
Universal Navigation and User flow for integrating marketing page

---

## [2016-12-07 11:21] eso

I've worked out basic flow and interaction for choosing edition, platform and retailer
P1 export gfx to serve as talking point
P2 build simple prototype
P2 export to ZOS AXShare

---

## [2016-12-07 11:24] eso

To discuss at web team sync up
-	Universal Navigation
-	review preorder UX (wireframes, maybe prototype)

---

## [2016-12-07 12:46] eso

meeting notes
take a look at what a logo dropdown w no purchase prompt looks like
responsive layout marketing page - visual design w markup for metrics
visual design preorder page


Summary:
Provide a single point of entry for all Crown Purchases that includes Customer Service and Onboarding content for New Users and Owners. This page replaces the existing "Crown Store" page. The Top Level Menu prompt is relabeled "Buy Crowns"


Customer Service & Onboarding
- How do I get crowns
- Sell ESO Plus Membership
  - Members get more Crowns every month


T0: PRODUCT PURCHASE MATRIX
	- XBOX Purchase Flow
	- PlayStation Purchase Flow
	- PC/MAC Purchase Flow
	  - BAM Purchase
	  - Steam Purchase

---

## [2016-12-07 15:07] eso

wasting time trying to do some post modification on Buy Crowns right now

---

## [2016-12-07 16:04] eso

wasn't a waste of time - I'm fulfilling the design spec. Derailed by refinements though

---

## [2016-12-07 16:41] eso

exported updated buy crowns images, working on design doc now

---

## [2016-12-07 17:02] eso

completed Buy Crowns design doc

---

## [2016-12-07 17:08] eso

P1 add current universal nav to marketing mockups
P1 responsive layout marketing page - visual design w markup for metrics

P2 visual design preorder page
P2 Design Document Universal Navigation (Menu System)

P3 News Page Top Stories side bar responsive layout
P3 Update News Page design doc gfx

P4 responsive layout for buy now page (wireframes)
P4 Responsive design Single Page Template
P4 Responsive design Archive Page Template

P4 update ZOS AX prototype

---

## [2016-12-08 11:55] eso

discussion points for team sync later

What are we observing in marketing page demo that William B posted?
What's working.
What isn't working?
-	need to provide dev with better visual target & metrics for responsive layout
-	need themed proxy images for content blocks
	-	Return to Morrowind
	-	Become the Warden
	-	Partner with an Assassin
	-	Battle Together with PvP
	-	The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited
-	this is so we can define consistent luminance and color tone for the page
	-	not an afterthought
-	need to insert the provided sample copy to use as a baseline

---

## [2016-12-08 13:12] eso

did some cleaup of Preorder design doc
starting work on visual design of marketing page - informed by the work William stood up earlier

---

## [2016-12-08 13:29] eso

http://comm.web-content.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/volcano

---

## [2016-12-12 07:58] eso

working out visual design for marketing page. They're overthinking it at ZOS

---

## [2016-12-12 11:34] eso

in back and forth w ZOS, posting to slack as I go. Continuing w 1st pass of marketing page visual design.
Fonts probably too big. Will refine in 2nd pass

---

## [2016-12-12 12:30] eso

posted 2 variations of marketing page layout for discussion
both fairly rough

font size
text alignment
see what people say about the color
	-no comments maed. leave as is
bkg treatment
footer callout (follow us) promote to higher block on the page

H1 Futura Cond Bold 60/1.7

---

## [2016-12-12 15:19] eso

2nd pass on the marketing page design

---

## [2016-12-12 16:26] eso

updated v1.0 design w unified gfx treatment and refined typography

---

## [2016-12-12 17:38] eso

further detailing and refinement on the layout. getting into position to evaluyate some variations

---

## [2016-12-12 18:21] eso

white text now
gold for controls

---

## [2016-12-12 22:35] eso

fully formed visual design
doing some variations now on the padding between sections
have removed the "join the conversation" block

---

## [2016-12-12 23:48] eso

finished iterating on marketing page, 2 legit variations
need to take a look at responsive use cases
starting setup for preorder page

---

## [2016-12-13 00:28] eso

x Post marketing screens on slack
x Send marketing screens to Hilary & AJ
x Cleanup responsive prototype and export to ZOS
P1 Visual design for preorder screen
P2 Responsive layout for marketing screen
P2 Markup marketing screen design for dev

---

## [2016-12-13 01:03] eso

demonstrated unique difference in 2 design variations - additional decoration makes sense when the label is decoupled from the picture

- added detail and well-formed margins and padding for all content
- removed "join the conversation" block
- refined button treatments. Two button types now: StandardButton and BuyButton
- added caret symbol to all buttons. Maybe overkill? This was to address a comment about a button looking like a text field

---

## [2016-12-13 10:33] eso

need to seperate marketing page design source from the responsive prototype project. taking very long time to export 50MB to AxShare. Maybe that's just a one time thing?

---

## [2016-12-13 10:35] eso

bits of the prototype layout have broken with recent edits. need to fix before re-export
also add textured bkg used on marketing

---

## [2016-12-13 11:18] eso

refining typography on landing page

---

## [2016-12-13 11:47] eso

cleaned up responsive prototype. re0-exporting to ZOS AXShare
export time seems fine, no need to cleanup project

---

## [2016-12-13 12:00] eso

noticing that mobile menu is broken. will fix later.

---

## [2016-12-13 12:31] eso

daily sync meeting notes

state of the marketing page design
-	general satisfaction
-	waiting for:

where are we on getting actual artwork for content panels?
who owns that task
cinemagraph
 - possible to get wo logo, so we can composite ourselves?

---

## [2016-12-13 13:20] eso

doing some site menu fixes to include the buy crowns page

---

## [2016-12-13 14:02] eso

updated ZOS prototype
x Post marketing screens on slack
x Send marketing screens to Hilary & AJ
x Cleanup responsive prototype and export to ZOS
P1 Visual design for preorder screen
P2 Responsive layout for marketing screen
P2 Markup marketing screen design for dev

---

## [2016-12-13 14:03] eso

returning to preorder page design
x fit the design to current 1170 wrapper
	x	add full screen bkg
	x	add 1170 panel

- figure out tabbed navigation style
	-	resize wireframe content to fit within 1170 wrapper and generous padding
	-	swap in placeholder product artwork for each tab

- add picture to product preview
	-	find placeholder product shot

---

## [2016-12-13 14:31] eso

added Tier 0 hero imagery to ZOS prototype

---

## [2016-12-13 14:58] eso

revised marketing page color coding to match site standard

---

## [2016-12-13 15:01] eso

created wrapper object

---

## [2016-12-13 16:22] skinjester.com work

reconnecting with this project
- add Deep Dream Vision Quest
	-	need to post link + CTA on front page
	-	writeup as blogpost
	-	investigate exposing tagged posts in loop on front page
- how to incorporate GIT into this wordpress project
	-	staging on local host
	-	deploying to web
-	ESO
	-	which subjects to cover?
-	Redesign
	-	New audience
	-	New goals
	-	Reimplement using a commercial WP theme

---

## [2016-12-15 09:19] eso

looking for images to place as proxy gfx in the edition selector
it can't be a picture of the box
just use generic fills

---

## [2016-12-15 09:27] eso

working on tab controls

---

## [2016-12-15 10:08] eso

using stylized copies of full screen logo as a proxy

- figure out tabbed navigation style
	x	resize wireframe content to fit within 1170 wrapper and generous padding
	x	swap in placeholder product artwork for each tab

- add picture to product preview
	x	find placeholder product shot
	x	refine layout

- add product matrix
	x	place
	-	refine layout

---

## [2016-12-15 12:35] eso

websync notes

team is happy w direction
provide variation w BUY ESO NOW prompt in page wrapper
continue formatting table
responsive layout marketing page
responsive layout preorder page
markup marketing page
markup preorder page

---

## [2016-12-15 15:42] eso

finished purchase layout
working on spreadsheet format now

---

## [2016-12-15 16:50] eso

finished w visual design for preorder page

---

## [2016-12-19 10:25] eso

looking through some marketing feedback on pre-order

- need to install game client but unable to access skynet page. ask for help

x change tabs to be
	x	collector's edition
	x	standard edition
	-x	upgrade edition

x	add upgrade edition to content matrix
x	segment content matrix table to call out Preorder vs. conbtent benefits (see wireframe)

- update pre-order flow
	-	add region select dropdown
	-	incorporate physical/digital choice into Retailer selector


XBOX
	USA
		PHYSICAL COPY
			ESO Store
			Amazon
			Best Buy

XBOX
	USA
		DIGITAL COPY
			Microsoft Store
			Amazon

-	digital download only (download
-	offers choice of digital & standard purchases at st
Best Buy
-	offers physical pu
-	offers phys

Target
Walmart
-	offers physical purchase only

---

## [2016-12-19 14:51] eso

I think its safe to generalize like this:

OFFERS DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
Steam
ESO Store
Playstation Store
Microsoft Store

---

## [2016-12-19 15:35] eso

seeing if I can refine the preorder selction even further. still seems oddly specific

---

## [2016-12-19 15:45] eso

part of the issue with this design is that its trying to be a Buy Now page, when all it needs to do is submit a pre-order
No idea how pre-ordering works, and because of that it means the design stays a bit more complicated than it needs to be

---

## [2016-12-19 18:50] eso

I've worked out a few variations to the pre-order flow, ranging for complicated to simple
My main questioons are:
-	how are pre-orders handled at the storefront?
	-	for external retailers are we directing to a specific "preorder page"?
		- or is there expected to be a "preorder" button at these storefronts?
-	what happens after pre-ordering from the ESO store?
	-	confirmation message?

---

## [2016-12-20 08:01] eso

putting together additional thinking on the pre-order flow and will update confluence shortly
Specify the destination for the pre-order buttons

To discuss at web sync
-	revised pre-order flow
-	destinations

What I need from marketing:
- For each edition, a list of retail destinations segmented by physical copy or digital download
-	through what channels can I preorder a digital copy?
-	through what channels can I preorder a physical copy

---

## [2016-12-20 08:14] eso

putting together a spreadsheet

---

## [2016-12-20 09:36] eso

posted UX work to slack
getting ready to send out directly to Bethesda Marketing

PC
ESO Store (digital release)
Set

---

## [2016-12-20 11:37] eso

posted UX sketches and retail distribution spreadsheet to slack for team discussion
sent UX sketches to Hilary & AJ at Bethesda
updating the preorder layout w new UI

---

## [2016-12-20 12:46] eso

met w devteam, we're solid
marking up the designs next
updating JIRA w recent work

---

## [2016-12-20 13:11] eso

site menu
-	create deprecated version of site menu that matches existing
-	setup page grid

---

## [2016-12-20 17:09] eso

continuing to work on responsive layout for preorder page

---

## [2016-12-20 18:57] eso

continuing work on responsive layout for preorder page
completed wide and medium views, working out details of narrow view.
The pre-order flow has to be organized a bit differently to work on a phone. showing edition descriptions in a dialolg that appears after selecting a "choose edition" prompt

---

## [2016-12-20 19:25] eso

initial dropdown design is well intentioned but too elaborate. Use standard UI chrome, and make it a dropdown - not a dialog

---

## [2016-12-21 12:14] eso

continuing to work on mobile layout

---

## [2016-12-21 12:15] eso

Matt Firor contacted me about continuing work. He expressed a commitment to me
We've started discussion about hiring Skinjester as a contractor.

---

## [2016-12-21 12:21] eso

taking a look at alternate approaches to the mobile layout that dont involve creating a new control

---

## [2016-12-21 14:43] eso

after exploring a couple of different approaches, I think the most direct is to place Edition Selection in a dropdown menu for all cases. I've spent a fair amount of time considering how to arrange the content on the mobile layout. The destiny site provides the best practice I think - where all the actionable content is at the top

---

## [2016-12-21 17:00] eso

iterating on the table layout. More readable

---

## [2016-12-21 17:25] eso

moved the buy ESO NOW callout into wrapper

---

## [2016-12-21 19:08] eso

finishing up some polish on the wide and medium views. nearly there.

---

## [2016-12-21 22:16] eso

completed pre-order responsive layout
-	export images
-	re-export ZOS AX prototype
-	post to slack
-	update confluence
-	send email to Bethesda marketing
-	markup design w layout metrics for dev
-	start responsive layout for marketing page

---

## [2016-12-22 08:41] eso

some feedback from ZOS
need to edit product matrix content
	- send product matrix table back to Marketing to confirm

---

## [2016-12-22 10:51] eso

I've mapped out the expanded contact Hilary sent over in a spreadsheet
- add tooltip/modal dialog behavior to design show benefit descriptions

---

## [2016-12-22 11:39] eso

updated product matrix, sent out for confirmation
updating layout to include additional columns

---

## [2016-12-22 14:16] eso

send to marketing by email
-	updated layout w new columns
-	map out pre-order UX states (prototype?)

---

## [2016-12-22 16:35] eso

continuing work on table layout.

---

## [2016-12-22 17:11] eso

placed layout in each view. iterating to make it cleaner

---

## [2016-12-22 17:31] eso

left aligning everything

---

## [2016-12-22 17:34] eso

added select country dropdown to preorder UI

---

## [2016-12-22 17:39] eso

x replace product text with what Hilary provided
- be sure to post all the text in the design doc
- map out states of preorder ui for different products across different platforms (Excel)

---

## [2016-12-22 19:14] eso

updating layouts with new text

---

## [2016-12-23 10:45] eso

cleaning up layouts

---

## [2016-12-23 11:00] eso

playing w line height and character spacing in the browser window

---

## [2016-12-23 14:45] eso

completed layout exporting images
x	create JIRA task: update confluence design doc
x	map out states of preorder ui for different products across different platforms (Excel)
-	button design spec
x	dropdown design spec
-	layout metrics
	-	wide
	-	medium
	-	narrow
-	update confluence design doc
-	post design updates to slack
-	post design updates to marketing team email

---

## [2016-12-26 10:05] eso

Revising confluence design doc with current info

---

## [2016-12-26 22:12] eso

working on dropdown menu design. getting there

---

## [2016-12-26 22:25] eso

finished dropdown design, cleaning up

---

## [2016-12-26 23:23] eso

figuring out how to document this cleanly

---

## [2016-12-27 01:53] eso

completed spec for dropdown menu. next one shouldn't take too long now that I figured what to document. Also creating interactive demo page, which I will post in AXShare.

---

## [2016-12-27 02:00] eso

exported dropdown image

---

## [2016-12-27 11:57] eso

created new confluence doc for dropdown menu
- confirm existence of, or create new JIRA subtask

---

## [2016-12-27 12:48] eso

working on doc

---

## [2016-12-27 16:25] eso

updating confluence. reorganized prototype section, cleaned up page list.
Starting work on button schematic now

---

## [2016-12-27 16:51] eso

finished button schematic

---

## [2016-12-27 17:04] eso

updated confluence w design doc and prototype

---

## [2016-12-27 17:08] eso

marking up page layouts. How would I do it in OneNote?

---

## [2016-12-27 22:27] eso

started another worksession to complete markup of preorder page. just the wide view

---

## [2016-12-27 23:18] eso

continuing to markup preorder layout
- export pre-order markup image
- export dedicated pre-order layout AXShare page "Pre-order Page Responsive Layout"
- update preorder design doc

---

## [2016-12-28 00:35] eso

cleaned up preorder page design doc

---

## [2016-12-28 01:30] eso

updated confluence
x	post to slack
-	responsive layout for marketing page
	- 	standalone design for text entry field
	- 	standalone design for checkbox
-	marketing page markup notes
-	update marketing page design doc
-	post to slack
-	share design status w marketing

---

## [2016-12-28 10:26] eso

polishing existing marketing page layout to use the metrics previously specified for controls and layout

---

## [2016-12-28 12:03] eso

working on polishing marketing page. wondering if the image content blocks can be made to dynamically size with viewport? They were at some arbitrary height before - copy/pasted from mass effect side I think. I'm seeing what they look like at with a 16:9 aspect at max width

---

## [2016-12-28 14:35] eso

finished cleaning up wide view, starting on adaptive views

---

## [2016-12-28 17:29] eso

added menu and footer

---

## [2016-12-28 18:25] eso

need to think about how bkg behaves by placing logo independent of bkg texture

---

## [2016-12-29 08:24] eso

started new worksession by placing RGBA logo as anchor for sizing reference

---

## [2016-12-29 09:35] eso

I've worked out placement and sizing for the narrow view

---

## [2016-12-29 11:05] eso

worked out background and logo sizing issues, working together w default jumbo button size. Looking at the rest of the page now

---

## [2016-12-29 16:25] eso

NEW LIFE FESTIVAL: MEET THIS YEAR'S OFFICIATE
CELEBRATE THE NEW LIFE FESTIVAL
INTRODUCING HOMESTEAD
ESO WELCOMES CROWN CRATES
ONE TAMRIEL:POSTCARDS FROM THE DAGGER'S EDGE

---

## [2016-12-29 18:09] eso

completed candidate for final in all views
validating

---

## [2016-12-29 18:18] eso

its done

x	document text entry field
	x	add JIRA task
	x	update confluence
-	document check box
	x	add JIRA task
	-	update confluence
-	markup the page design
	-	export images
	-	update confluence
-	follow up
	-	post confluence doc to slack
	-	email to Bethesda marketing
		-	link to confluence
		-	PDF export

---

## [2016-12-30 08:42] eso

not 100% satisfied w layout, still validating
Concerned that the background image focal point seems arbitrary
consider replacing all the gfx with the same image, so the focal point issue only has to be solved once for responsive layout
for each image set unique focal point for every view

---

## [2016-12-30 12:17] eso

created design spec for textfield

---

## [2016-12-30 12:31] eso

finished w marketing page layout?
What about the arbitrary image framing? Will work on this with art + dev. Too many variables to specify without direct feedback

---

## [2016-12-30 13:02] eso

-	invoice
-	document check box
	x	add JIRA task
	-	update confluence
-	markup page design
	-	export images
	-	update confluence
-	follow up
	-	post confluence doc to slack
	-	email to Bethesda marketing
		-	link to confluence
		-	PDF export

---

## [2016-12-30 13:07] eso

updated marketing page doc w new mockups

---

## [2016-12-30 17:28] eso

marking up designs

---

## [2016-12-30 19:16] eso

markup is leading to a bit more normalization of overall design - having to do with placement of text in content blocks and block height. There's no natural scale to the content blocks other than image height - which seems a bit awkward, so I'm using the scale of the newsletter signup as uniform height value as default. The other older) version uses the aspect ratio of the image (assumed 16:9) to determine height

---

## [2016-12-31 16:42] eso

deconstructing design into quads for markup. will display these simplified cases side by side

---

