# Raw Entries for October 2016

**Total Entries:** 111
**Projects:** deepdreamvisionquest, eso, spirit animal

---

## [2016-10-03 18:47] eso

working on September invoice

---

## [2016-10-03 19:16] eso

sent invoice

---

## [2016-10-03 19:20] eso

taking a look at some new tasks - the Media Page is probably the simplest to keep momentum going

---

## [2016-10-04 10:23] deepdreamvisionquest

The project has moved over to Linux for scalability and so forth. I'm using a new Titan X Pascal gfx card and needed to go through a chain of dependencies to work properly - which wasn't happening in Windows. I am seeing a bit of a speedup in basic dreaming, and have confidence that seperating motion detection into a different process will also help.

There's so much to think about - what do I really want to do with this? I need to assume there is no operator other than myself if necessary - would like to see more behaviors happening on their own - or possibly in response to inputs other than the game controller?
Would it be difficult to integrate MIDI?

---

## [2016-10-04 10:23] spirit animal

The project has moved over to Linux for scalability and so forth. I'm using a new Titan X Pascal gfx card and needed to go through a chain of dependencies to work properly - which wasn't happening in Windows. I am seeing a bit of a speedup in basic dreaming, and have confidence that seperating motion detection into a different process will also help.

There's so much to think about - what do I really want to do with this? I need to assume there is no operator other than myself if necessary - would like to see more behaviors happening on their own - or possibly in response to inputs other than the game controller?
Would it be difficult to integrate MIDI?

---

## [2016-10-04 10:28] deepdreamvisionquest

Why am I unable to change the size of the frame buffer?
Oh - ut was at the top of the script
Wow! Dreaming at 960 x 540 is extremely fast, but seems like motion detection gets broken?
Oh - its the threshold values (counting fewer pixels now)

---

## [2016-10-04 10:28] spirit animal

Why am I unable to change the size of the frame buffer?
Oh - ut was at the top of the script
Wow! Dreaming at 960 x 540 is extremely fast, but seems like motion detection gets broken?
Oh - its the threshold values (counting fewer pixels now)

---

## [2016-10-04 10:34] deepdreamvisionquest

Its so much faster that I must rethink what's happening w the motion detection and transition between dreamed frames

---

## [2016-10-04 10:34] spirit animal

Its so much faster that I must rethink what's happening w the motion detection and transition between dreamed frames

---

## [2016-10-04 20:50] deepdreamvisionquest

studying that code. What's the plan for Artificial Experience?

---

## [2016-10-04 20:50] spirit animal

studying that code. What's the plan for Artificial Experience?

---

## [2016-10-08 10:21] deepdreamvisionquest

doing some houisecleaning w the deepdreamvisionquest code. I think that everything that's currently a class, shoule be a module for easier maintainability and understanding wtf is going on

-	MotionDetector
-	Viewport
-	Framebuffer
-	Model
-	Amplifier

---

## [2016-10-08 10:21] spirit animal

doing some houisecleaning w the deepdreamvisionquest code. I think that everything that's currently a class, shoule be a module for easier maintainability and understanding wtf is going on

-	MotionDetector
-	Viewport
-	Framebuffer
-	Model
-	Amplifier

---

## [2016-10-08 13:32] deepdreamvisionquest

modules are:
-	a python file w some functions and/or variabes in it
-	you import that filee into another
-	you access the functions or variables in that module using the dot (.) operator

---

## [2016-10-08 13:32] spirit animal

modules are:
-	a python file w some functions and/or variabes in it
-	you import that filee into another
-	you access the functions or variables in that module using the dot (.) operator

---

## [2016-10-08 14:28] deepdreamvisionquest

still reading up on modules and remembering how the code works
One observation is that the viewport sizing I;'m doing isn't consistent
The expectation is to be rendering and processing at 960 x 540 (a rem cycle lasts 4 secons)
and scaling that view to 1920 x 1080, but is seems like that's getting mixed up and maybe its only the camera images that are coming in at the lowere rez?

---

## [2016-10-08 14:28] spirit animal

still reading up on modules and remembering how the code works
One observation is that the viewport sizing I;'m doing isn't consistent
The expectation is to be rendering and processing at 960 x 540 (a rem cycle lasts 4 secons)
and scaling that view to 1920 x 1080, but is seems like that's getting mixed up and maybe its only the camera images that are coming in at the lowere rez?

---

## [2016-10-08 14:54] deepdreamvisionquest

maybe the uprez can be done by the OS itself - scaling the output x2?

---

## [2016-10-08 14:54] spirit animal

maybe the uprez can be done by the OS itself - scaling the output x2?

---

## [2016-10-08 17:10] deepdreamvisionquest

dont fixate on the interaction at this time - get the structure you want in place

---

## [2016-10-08 17:10] spirit animal

dont fixate on the interaction at this time - get the structure you want in place

---

## [2016-10-08 19:00] deepdreamvisionquest

To get a list of the modules that have already been imported, you can look up sys.modules.keys()

---

## [2016-10-08 19:00] spirit animal

To get a list of the modules that have already been imported, you can look up sys.modules.keys()

---

## [2016-10-09 00:21] deepdreamvisionquest

still refactoring the motion detection class
haven't yet converted it into a model
good improvements on responsiveness though - enough so that the idea of running it in a seperate process doesn't seem as high priority as before.
getting decent balance between speed and quality at 1280 x 720 w cycle time of 2 sec

---

## [2016-10-09 00:21] spirit animal

still refactoring the motion detection class
haven't yet converted it into a model
good improvements on responsiveness though - enough so that the idea of running it in a seperate process doesn't seem as high priority as before.
getting decent balance between speed and quality at 1280 x 720 w cycle time of 2 sec

---

## [2016-10-09 13:34] deepdreamvisionquest

It isn't making sense converting from classes to modules - and for what? learning? pride? convenience?
Is a major pain in th ass to croll around this single rem.py. Would be so much easier to bve dealing with seperate files as functional chunks.
What am I not getting?
-	global state in a module isn't being retained in functions without messy and weird global declarations for each usage in a function.
	-	A class construct just handles this shit better

- Each of the modules is totally unique. Its not like they could ever run on their own or be plugged into some other code as-is

- all i need is the ability to maintain seperate namespaces

---

## [2016-10-09 13:34] spirit animal

It isn't making sense converting from classes to modules - and for what? learning? pride? convenience?
Is a major pain in th ass to croll around this single rem.py. Would be so much easier to bve dealing with seperate files as functional chunks.
What am I not getting?
-	global state in a module isn't being retained in functions without messy and weird global declarations for each usage in a function.
	-	A class construct just handles this shit better

- Each of the modules is totally unique. Its not like they could ever run on their own or be plugged into some other code as-is

- all i need is the ability to maintain seperate namespaces

---

## [2016-10-09 15:41] deepdreamvisionquest

I'm not sure how much effort to place into restructuring this code in a more manageble way. Its not unmanageable, but can't shake the feeling that its built on an unsteady foundation, hence the desire to look further

I'm taking another look at that camera capture demo (cameo) that I'd studfies a few monbths ago

program hub
	import SomeModule
	class ComputerProgram
		__init__(self,params)
			classvars
			instatiate SomeModule.class()
		run(self)
			SomeModule.class().function()
		functions(self)
	if __name__ == '__main__':
		ComputerProgram().run()

SomeModule
	class Module
		__init__(self,params)
			classvars
		functions(self)

---

## [2016-10-09 15:41] spirit animal

I'm not sure how much effort to place into restructuring this code in a more manageble way. Its not unmanageable, but can't shake the feeling that its built on an unsteady foundation, hence the desire to look further

I'm taking another look at that camera capture demo (cameo) that I'd studfies a few monbths ago

program hub
	import SomeModule
	class ComputerProgram
		__init__(self,params)
			classvars
			instatiate SomeModule.class()
		run(self)
			SomeModule.class().function()
		functions(self)
	if __name__ == '__main__':
		ComputerProgram().run()

SomeModule
	class Module
		__init__(self,params)
			classvars
		functions(self)

---

## [2016-10-09 17:54] deepdreamvisionquest

I've looked into structural optimization as far as I can for the moment
Its clear that there's a real issue (opportunity?) with these various bundles of state/behavior referencing one another globally

---

## [2016-10-09 17:54] spirit animal

I've looked into structural optimization as far as I can for the moment
Its clear that there's a real issue (opportunity?) with these various bundles of state/behavior referencing one another globally

---

## [2016-10-09 23:19] deepdreamvisionquest

pushed and committed recent work to git

---

## [2016-10-09 23:19] spirit animal

pushed and committed recent work to git

---

## [2016-10-10 01:28] deepdreamvisionquest

I've externalized the class definition of MotionDetector

---

## [2016-10-10 01:28] spirit animal

I've externalized the class definition of MotionDetector

---

## [2016-10-10 07:58] eso

signed new contract

---

## [2016-10-10 08:59] eso

What are your goals today?
x	contact the new Marketing Person, Hilary Shapiro
	x	introduce myself
	x	overview of the work I've been doing
	x	where the project stands today
	x	next steps

x	follow up with Steve Perkins (former marketing lead)
-	construct timeline from task scoping
-	setup meeting w Cory to go over tasks and prep for Dev Planning
-	review Axure project
	-	what housekeeping is needed
	-	create stub pages for style guide doc
	-	start designing Single Post Page template

---

## [2016-10-10 09:55] eso

drafting into to Hilary Shapiro

Hi Hilary, I understand that you'll be working with us on the Elder Scrolls Online Platform redesign. Its good to meet you.



I've been working for the past few months with ZOS on UX and Creative for this initiative. Previously, I was the UX Lead at the studio. I helped launch the game on PC. I invented and directed execution of the PS4/XB1 game interface, and brought that over to the PC product by popular demand. You might call me a friend of the game :)



I was asked to work on the ESO-Platform project (game site, account management and the game launcher) because of my

credentials
introduction (agenda)
why am i contacting (outcome)
docs

Hi Hilary, I'm told you'll be taking over ESO-Platform from Steve. I'm an independent devloper working with ZOS on UX and Creative for the game site, account management and the game launcher. Previously I was the UX lead at the studio where I designed and directed game UI for the console and PC products.

Do you have a moment this week to meet up over VOIP? I did a lot of stakeholder research that led to our current approach, so would like to speak to your own concerns and interests. Would also like describe the approach I'm taking a bit further (now with more holistic!).

I've included

Here's a link to the prototype. Requires Chrome. I think you should have access to this, but if not please let me know.

---

## [2016-10-10 10:40] eso

Powerpoint acting so strangely. permission issues

Hi Hilary, I'm told you'll be taking over ESO-Platform from Steve. I'm an independent devloper working with ZOS on UX and Creative for the game site, account management and the game launcher. Previously I was the UX lead at the studio where I designed and directed game UI for the console and PC products.

Do you have a moment this week to meet up over VOIP? I did a lot of stakeholder research that led to our current approach, so would like to speak to your own concerns and interests. Would also like describe the approach I'm taking a bit further (now with more holistic!).

I've included

Here's a link to the prototype. Requires Chrome. I think you should have access to this, but if not please let me know.

Hi Hilary, I'm told you've taken over Brand Management for ESO at Bethesda. Good to meet you.

I'm an independent developer hired to "make everything better". Excited to walk you though the solutions we found. Previously I was UX lead at ZOS where I invented and directed the Elder Scrolls Online game UI for PS4,XB1 and PC.

Do you have a moment this week to meet up over VOIP? I want to talk about the approach I've taken and akso hear your own concerns and ideas.

I've included a copy of a stakeholder presentation from a few months ago, summarizing my research and conclusions.

Here's a link to the game site prototype. Requires Chrome. I think you should have access to this, but if not please let me know.

http://webdev-uidesign001.z10.zenimaxonline.com/ax_landingpage/ g=1&p=landingpage_right-aligned

---

## [2016-10-10 11:47] eso

intro message sent to Hilary

---

## [2016-10-10 11:51] eso

follow up message sent to Steve Perkins

---

## [2016-10-10 14:33] eso

workinbg on ordering these tasks inbto a gannt chart.
Excel may or may not be the easist tool for the job, but is universal

---

## [2016-10-10 15:12] eso

found a good online solution for simple charting.

---

## [2016-10-10 16:18] eso

I have a very basic map of the design timeline for tasks I'd previously identified
Will spend another hour doing analysis/exploration/cleanup on this

Qualifiers like these are what I want to speak to Cory and the rest of the team about
Documented
Prototyped
Implemented
Verified

Documentation

	Design Pillars

	Standards
	-	responsive layout
	-	the grid
	-	typography
	-	colors
	-	focus and selection
	-	links
	-	buttons
	-	icons

	Global navigation
	-	site menu
	-	site footer
	-	Navigating to other ZOS domains
	-	modal dialog
	-	search

	Organizing Content
	-	Tier 0 Content Block
		-	right aligned
		-	center aligned
		-	left aligned
	-	Tier 1 Content Block
	-	Tier 2 Editorial Tile
	-	Tier 2 Editorial List Item
	-	Lists
		-	Item List
		-	Tile Gallery
	-	Sidebar
		-	Advertising
		-	Patch Notes
		-	Crown Store Items
		-	Feeds
		-	Follow ESO prompts
		-	Related Content

	Pages
	-	Landing Page
	-	News Page
	-	Media Page
	-	Guide Page
	-	DLC Feature Page
	-	Buy Crowns Page
	-	Buy Game Page
	-	Archive Results Page
	-	Category Page
	-	Single Post page
	-	Error Page
	-	Custom Page

	Social
		-	ESO Live promo
		-	Editorial share counter & prompts
		-	Guidelines
			-	Facebook Share
			-	Twitter Share

---

## [2016-10-10 18:30] eso

finished planning for the day will discuss w Cory tomorrow

---

## [2016-10-11 15:47] eso

adding devplan branch to my timeline
I want to be able to see multiple threads and how theyu relate to one another

---

## [2016-10-11 17:37] eso

panning work and simplification all day. Tgetris sort of. Simplifying the idea of Epics, Stories and Chapter to use common voculary across DEV, DOCUMENTATION, and DESIGN has made simple searches like "Landing Page" pretty useful.
met with Cory one on one and then with the dev team to discuss the planning work I've been doing

---

## [2016-10-12 09:01] deepdreamvisionquest

Trying to understand what this code is doing so I can modify it
Taking Cory's advice in following what the data is doing. Very difficult to think of these little machines as small bits of functionality.

------------------------------------------
How it works, a romance in simple language
------------------------------------------

#	CAMERAS are STORED in MOTIONDETECTOR
#	CAMERA is STORED in FRAMEBUFFER1

#	GAME LOOP
		Framebuffer.is_new_cycle = True
	#	SEND FRAMEBUFFER1 to VIEWPORT
	#	PROCESS the CAMERAS STORED in the MOTIONDETECTOR
		-	STORE HISTORY to prepare for new input
			-	self.wasMotionDetected is stored as HISTORY
			-	self.delta_count is stored as HISTORY
		-	the difference between CAMERAS IS STORED as self.t_delta_framebuffer
		-	the COUNT of non-zero pixels in self.t_delta_framebuffer IS STORED as self.delta_count

		#	OUTCOMES
			-	OVERFLOW: all delta_count(s) were above detection threshold
				-	self.delta_count == 0
			-	MOTION DETECTED
				-	delta_count > delta_trigger AND HISTORY < delta_trigger
					-	SET self.wasMotionDetected = TRUE
			-	MOTION ENDED
				-	delta_count < delta_trigger and HISTORY > delta_trigger
				-	SET self.wasMotionDetected = FALSE
			-	BENEATH THRESHOLD
				-	SET self.wasMotionDetected = FALSE

		#	REFRESH the images STORED in the MOTIONDETECTOR
			-	ADD new CAMERA to QUEUE
			-	REMOVE oldest CAMERA from QUEUE
	#	FRAMEBUFFER1 = DEEPDREAM(FRAMEBUFFER,etc.)
		-	NET
		-	ITERATION_MAX
		-	OCTAVES
		-	OCTAVE_SCALE
		-	STEP_SIZE
		-	MODEL.end

	#	DEEPDREAM
		#	SETUPOCTAVES
			#	Framebuffer.is_new_cycle = FALSE
			#	INITIALIZE the OCTAVEARRAY with NETBLOB
			#	INITIALIZE the DETAIL BUFFER to STORE network output
			-	we can provide new values for OCTAVE_SCALE, ITERATION_MAX during SETUPOCTAVES

		#	OCTAVEARRAY CYCLE
			#	ITERATE from small to large
				-	OCTAVE is index for OCTAVEARRAY
				-	OCTAVE_CURRENT is framebuffer for each OCTAVE
				-	RESAMPLE DETAIL to mat ch shape of OCTAVE_CURRENT
					-	DETAIL comes from SETUPOCTAVES or previous OCTAVEARRAY CYCLE
				-	RESIZE the NETBLOB
				-	ADD DETAILS + OCTAVE_CURRENT to NETBLOB

				#	OCTAVECYCLE
					-	WHILE STEPCOUNT < ITERATION_MAX
						-	PROCESS the CAMERAS STORED in the MOTIONDETECTOR
						-	WasMotionDetected ?
							-	BREAK out of OCTAVECYCLE

						#	MAKESTEP (model, OBJECTIVE, step parameters)
							-	parameters arrive here from initial deepdream function call
							-	makestep operates upon the neural net's data blob
							-	we can affect guide image and step size here (per iteration)
							-	NETFORWARD to OBJECTIVE
							-	NETBACKWARD
							-	APPLY gradient ascent step to NETBLOB
							#	POSTPROCESS NETBLOB
								-	dat gaussian blur
								-

						-	CONVERT NETBLOB to RGB and WRITE to FRAMEBUFFER1
						-	SEND FRAMEBUFFER1 to Viewport
						-	OCTAVE_CURRENT ++

				#	EARLYEXIT
					#	LASTOCTAVE
						-	OCTAVEARRAY CYCLE reached OCTAVE_CUTOFF
						-	SET Framebuffer.is_dreamy = TRUE
						-	CONVERT NETBLOB to RGB and STORE as EARLY_EXIT
						-	Return EARLY_EXIT

					#	MOTION WAS DETECTED
						-	SET Framebuffer.is_dreamy = FALSE
						-	CONVERT NETBLOB to RGB and WRITE to framebuffer2
						-	Return CAMERA

				#	WRAPUP OCTAVECYCLE
					-	STORE the DETAILS produced during OCTAVECYCLE
					-

			#	WRAPUP OCTAVEARRAYCYCLE
				-	SET Framebuffer.is_dreamy = TRUE
				-	CONVERT NETBLOB to RGB and STORE as FINISHED
				-	Return FINISHED


#	FRAMEBUFFER

------------------------------
What is the COMPOSER?
	NumPy array with shape (height,width,RGB)
	Always contains RGB image data
	Stores Game Loop SOURCES prior to display
		-	Deep Dream
		-	Motion Detector
		-	Overlays
			-	HUD
			-	Alerts
	Processes Game Loop SOURCES into OUTPUTS
		-	compositing
		-	resizing
	Flexibility
		-	SOURCES in the COMPOSER can be any size
			-	SOURCES in the COMPOSER are resized to the COMPOSITE W,H when composited
		-	OUTPUTS from the COMPOSER are resized to the VIEWPORT W,H

------------------------------
What is the VIEWPORT
	An OpenCV window we created to draw on the screen
	An Event Listener for external input
		-	listens for keyboard events every frame
	Flexibility
		-	window can be drawn at any size
		-	supports multiple windows
			-	all windows use the same event listener
		-	provides PREPROCESS inserts
			-	color transform
		-	provides POSTPROCESS inserts
			-	HUD overlay
			-	ALERT overlay



currently,
we almost always write directly to buffer1
-	camera image
	-	fetch camera before entering game loop
	-	return value from deepdream when motion detected during OCTAVECYCLE

-	computed image
	-	initialized with zeros at startup
	-	REM cycle
		-	deepdream return value after non-interrupted REM CYCLE
		-	running inceptionxform (on self) after non-interrupted REM CYCLE
	-	Interrupted REM cycle
			-	composited with buffer2 at beginning of new REM CYCLE if previous cycle was interrupted
	-	OCTAVE CYCLE
		-	neural output from each non-interrupted iteration of OCTAVECYCLE
		-	composited with buffer2 after interrupted OCTAVE CYCLE (is it?)


we sometimes write directly to buffer2
-	initialized with zeros at startup
-	motion was detected during the OCTAVECYCLE
	-	buffer2 stores the last hallucinated frame
	-	deepdream exits and returns camera
	-	buffer1 stores deepdream return value (camera)

---

## [2016-10-12 09:01] spirit animal

Trying to understand what this code is doing so I can modify it
Taking Cory's advice in following what the data is doing. Very difficult to think of these little machines as small bits of functionality.

------------------------------------------
How it works, a romance in simple language
------------------------------------------

#	CAMERAS are STORED in MOTIONDETECTOR
#	CAMERA is STORED in FRAMEBUFFER1

#	GAME LOOP
		Framebuffer.is_new_cycle = True
	#	SEND FRAMEBUFFER1 to VIEWPORT
	#	PROCESS the CAMERAS STORED in the MOTIONDETECTOR
		-	STORE HISTORY to prepare for new input
			-	self.wasMotionDetected is stored as HISTORY
			-	self.delta_count is stored as HISTORY
		-	the difference between CAMERAS IS STORED as self.t_delta_framebuffer
		-	the COUNT of non-zero pixels in self.t_delta_framebuffer IS STORED as self.delta_count

		#	OUTCOMES
			-	OVERFLOW: all delta_count(s) were above detection threshold
				-	self.delta_count == 0
			-	MOTION DETECTED
				-	delta_count > delta_trigger AND HISTORY < delta_trigger
					-	SET self.wasMotionDetected = TRUE
			-	MOTION ENDED
				-	delta_count < delta_trigger and HISTORY > delta_trigger
				-	SET self.wasMotionDetected = FALSE
			-	BENEATH THRESHOLD
				-	SET self.wasMotionDetected = FALSE

		#	REFRESH the images STORED in the MOTIONDETECTOR
			-	ADD new CAMERA to QUEUE
			-	REMOVE oldest CAMERA from QUEUE
	#	FRAMEBUFFER1 = DEEPDREAM(FRAMEBUFFER,etc.)
		-	NET
		-	ITERATION_MAX
		-	OCTAVES
		-	OCTAVE_SCALE
		-	STEP_SIZE
		-	MODEL.end

	#	DEEPDREAM
		#	SETUPOCTAVES
			#	Framebuffer.is_new_cycle = FALSE
			#	INITIALIZE the OCTAVEARRAY with NETBLOB
			#	INITIALIZE the DETAIL BUFFER to STORE network output
			-	we can provide new values for OCTAVE_SCALE, ITERATION_MAX during SETUPOCTAVES

		#	OCTAVEARRAY CYCLE
			#	ITERATE from small to large
				-	OCTAVE is index for OCTAVEARRAY
				-	OCTAVE_CURRENT is framebuffer for each OCTAVE
				-	RESAMPLE DETAIL to mat ch shape of OCTAVE_CURRENT
					-	DETAIL comes from SETUPOCTAVES or previous OCTAVEARRAY CYCLE
				-	RESIZE the NETBLOB
				-	ADD DETAILS + OCTAVE_CURRENT to NETBLOB

				#	OCTAVECYCLE
					-	WHILE STEPCOUNT < ITERATION_MAX
						-	PROCESS the CAMERAS STORED in the MOTIONDETECTOR
						-	WasMotionDetected ?
							-	BREAK out of OCTAVECYCLE

						#	MAKESTEP (model, OBJECTIVE, step parameters)
							-	parameters arrive here from initial deepdream function call
							-	makestep operates upon the neural net's data blob
							-	we can affect guide image and step size here (per iteration)
							-	NETFORWARD to OBJECTIVE
							-	NETBACKWARD
							-	APPLY gradient ascent step to NETBLOB
							#	POSTPROCESS NETBLOB
								-	dat gaussian blur
								-

						-	CONVERT NETBLOB to RGB and WRITE to FRAMEBUFFER1
						-	SEND FRAMEBUFFER1 to Viewport
						-	OCTAVE_CURRENT ++

				#	EARLYEXIT
					#	LASTOCTAVE
						-	OCTAVEARRAY CYCLE reached OCTAVE_CUTOFF
						-	SET Framebuffer.is_dreamy = TRUE
						-	CONVERT NETBLOB to RGB and STORE as EARLY_EXIT
						-	Return EARLY_EXIT

					#	MOTION WAS DETECTED
						-	SET Framebuffer.is_dreamy = FALSE
						-	CONVERT NETBLOB to RGB and WRITE to framebuffer2
						-	Return CAMERA

				#	WRAPUP OCTAVECYCLE
					-	STORE the DETAILS produced during OCTAVECYCLE
					-

			#	WRAPUP OCTAVEARRAYCYCLE
				-	SET Framebuffer.is_dreamy = TRUE
				-	CONVERT NETBLOB to RGB and STORE as FINISHED
				-	Return FINISHED


#	FRAMEBUFFER

------------------------------
What is the COMPOSER?
	NumPy array with shape (height,width,RGB)
	Always contains RGB image data
	Stores Game Loop SOURCES prior to display
		-	Deep Dream
		-	Motion Detector
		-	Overlays
			-	HUD
			-	Alerts
	Processes Game Loop SOURCES into OUTPUTS
		-	compositing
		-	resizing
	Flexibility
		-	SOURCES in the COMPOSER can be any size
			-	SOURCES in the COMPOSER are resized to the COMPOSITE W,H when composited
		-	OUTPUTS from the COMPOSER are resized to the VIEWPORT W,H

------------------------------
What is the VIEWPORT
	An OpenCV window we created to draw on the screen
	An Event Listener for external input
		-	listens for keyboard events every frame
	Flexibility
		-	window can be drawn at any size
		-	supports multiple windows
			-	all windows use the same event listener
		-	provides PREPROCESS inserts
			-	color transform
		-	provides POSTPROCESS inserts
			-	HUD overlay
			-	ALERT overlay



currently,
we almost always write directly to buffer1
-	camera image
	-	fetch camera before entering game loop
	-	return value from deepdream when motion detected during OCTAVECYCLE

-	computed image
	-	initialized with zeros at startup
	-	REM cycle
		-	deepdream return value after non-interrupted REM CYCLE
		-	running inceptionxform (on self) after non-interrupted REM CYCLE
	-	Interrupted REM cycle
			-	composited with buffer2 at beginning of new REM CYCLE if previous cycle was interrupted
	-	OCTAVE CYCLE
		-	neural output from each non-interrupted iteration of OCTAVECYCLE
		-	composited with buffer2 after interrupted OCTAVE CYCLE (is it?)


we sometimes write directly to buffer2
-	initialized with zeros at startup
-	motion was detected during the OCTAVECYCLE
	-	buffer2 stores the last hallucinated frame
	-	deepdream exits and returns camera
	-	buffer1 stores deepdream return value (camera)

---

## [2016-10-13 10:46] eso

setup meeting om Monday w Jo Burba, Ala, Cory to go over my delivery schedule and discuss the relationship w development

---

## [2016-10-13 14:09] eso

grouping design and documentation tasks on the timeline and playing with the data & views

---

## [2016-10-13 15:02] eso

figured out when the first milestone should be

---

## [2016-10-13 16:02] eso

more milestone planning. looking at the data this way is pretty great. very easy to ask - "when will the landing page be done?"
or more generally: what is expected, when

---

## [2016-10-17 08:50] eso

collating scheduling worksheet into excel

---

## [2016-10-17 10:39] eso

sent UX milestone schedule to stakeholders at ZOS and Bethesda

---

## [2016-10-17 10:41] eso

working on main menu responsive layout today

---

## [2016-10-17 14:37] eso

reviewing some UX research on responsive layout patterns

---

## [2016-10-18 09:24] eso

sketching layout patterns

---

## [2016-10-18 10:53] eso

An Excel file now!
After some reading - taking the approach of describing layouts for 5 scenarios:
1200px	Wide
1024px	Big
768px	Medium
480px	Small
320px	Narrow

---

## [2016-10-18 11:50] eso

setting up AXShare to validate mobile layouts

---

## [2016-10-18 12:54] eso

getting workflow and measurements setup specific to iphone6 and ipad3, so i can validate design - expectation is that this can be generalized during development

---

## [2016-10-18 13:22] eso

good baselines set for iphone6 and ipad3 with my test project on AXshare

---

## [2016-10-18 13:51] eso

setting up a more complex scenario and also verifying that font mapping works

---

## [2016-10-18 15:57] eso

setup the wide layout

---

## [2016-10-18 16:37] eso

continuing to work with the other layouts

---

## [2016-10-18 16:47] eso

wrapping up worksessiom. what was accomplished
-	hands on with responsive layout patterns. better idea of what works, what doesnt
-	setup work environment for ease of use (browser, Axure, iphone, ipad)
-	commited to sketching mobile layout framework for validate in AXShare
	-	created standalone project
	-	will become basis of design doc

---

## [2016-10-18 17:48] eso

for tomorrow
-	complete responsive menu schematic
-	start responsive footer schematic
-	smooth out bkg image scale on resize
-	update JIRA w milestone schedule

---

## [2016-10-19 17:02] eso

starting another work session

LOREM IPSUM DOLOR SIT AMET, CONSECTETUR ADIPISCING ELIT. AENEAN EUISMOD BIBENDUM LAOREET. PROIN GRAVIDA DOLOR SIT AMET LACUS ACCUMSAN ET VIVERRA JUSTO COMMODO.

---

## [2016-10-19 18:22] eso

further detail in the responsive sketch on editorial blocks
-	place actual content to see how it behaves, is difficult to make up scenarios
-	what does a list look like?

---

## [2016-10-20 09:17] eso

picking up where I left off yesterday, looking at content blocks in isolation to see how they adapt to responsive layout

---

## [2016-10-20 10:14] eso

added T1 content block to wide layout and simplified for sketchy purposes

---

## [2016-10-20 10:24] eso

working on Big layout now

---

## [2016-10-20 12:08] eso

is not really coming together. I've got some assumptions I'm not yet aware of. Studying some other site layout strategies in detail

---

## [2016-10-20 16:12] eso

took a close look at Planetside, applying some lessons learned. Still working w the T1 block only

---

## [2016-10-20 16:52] eso

Harder than I thought but some good principles emerging from experimentation

---

## [2016-10-20 18:16] eso

first design change - moving share widget to bottom of content to avoid collisions

---

## [2016-10-21 16:55] eso

beginning another work session. feeling so frustrated with this.

---

## [2016-10-22 16:27] eso

continuing, after stepping away for a bit and reading more about how the community is using Axure for responsive designs (they're using iframes!) Stepping thru a tutorial on this.

---

## [2016-10-22 16:42] eso

Uh that's not really what I'm looking for. More of a presentational techinque. The real thing that's bothering me is that the layouts in AX are adaptive rather than responsive. material that should be horizintally centered at all times, isn't because AX uses some kind of absolute positioning scheme for these things. Is best to pretend that I'm working in photoshop.

---

## [2016-10-22 17:53] eso

and its not just that - the layouts adapt in a hidden way - in some of the better examples I've seen, there's a fair amout of whitespace in the browser window that is'nt in my own work - not sure how it could be actually. But am I setting the breaklpoints themselves wrong?

---

## [2016-10-22 18:29] eso

uh no, not setting the breakpoints wrong. From a bit of a web search, fluid layouts aren't a common feature for most prototypiong tools, although some further options do exist

---

## [2016-10-23 15:33] eso

now getting somewhere.

---

## [2016-10-23 16:02] eso

adding sidebar content to see how it reacts

---

## [2016-10-23 17:35] eso

understanding it better I think. Basically, spacetime tells matter how to move, matter tells spacetime how to curve. lol

---

## [2016-10-24 08:19] eso

-	additional sidebar content
-	site menu
-	site footer
-	add T2 content

---

## [2016-10-24 09:42] eso

finished placing banner ad sidebar content in all views. Judging from design patterns seen on commercial sites, the sidebar (or at least the banner ads) disappear in smaller views.

---

## [2016-10-24 10:23] eso

adding details to represent padding

---

## [2016-10-24 10:35] eso

taking a look at bootstrap, setting up dependencies

---

## [2016-10-24 10:45] eso

finished setting up bootstrap - will look into it further later

---

## [2016-10-24 11:11] eso

doing some cleanup of the file before adding new

---

## [2016-10-24 12:40] eso

adding site menu

---

## [2016-10-24 13:30] eso

spent some time looking at dynamic panel behavior for fluid layout - works great for limited case assuming only a minimum content width and no breakpoints. Doesn't play well with adaptive views

---

## [2016-10-24 17:44] eso

almost done w menu placement.

---

## [2016-10-26 12:49] eso

updating JIRA with milestone schedule

---

## [2016-10-26 12:53] eso

This is going to take a bit of organization and relabeling - moving everything into the backlog so I can see it in one place

---

## [2016-10-26 15:02] eso

back in JIRA
creating a filter so I can look at tasks I create by milestone

---

## [2016-10-26 15:46] eso

updated JIRA with tasks for current milestone

---

## [2016-10-26 16:31] eso

reviewing previous work and doing some cleanup. the basic menu layout isnt fully setup yet

---

## [2016-10-26 16:59] eso

have maybe come across a better way to present this content in browser - it seems that by setting the break point 1 step higher - it leaves plenty of whitespace and long story short - you always see padding on the screen edges, and the content doesn't automagically  resize. would be too much to ask if this method just worked for ios preview? will see

---

## [2016-10-26 17:26] eso

as expected, the layouts on mobile are being shown with excess padding.

---

## [2016-10-26 17:30] eso

that's interesting. Can still specify those old breakpoints wo layout change and everything looks solid on ios

---

## [2016-10-26 19:30] eso

simplifying. reducing colors

---

## [2016-10-27 09:06] eso

fixing menu icon sizing and placement

---

## [2016-10-27 09:37] eso

finished with menu placement, refining T0 placement and layout

---

## [2016-10-27 10:54] eso

-	create confluence workspace for design docs
x	meet with Cory for status report

---

## [2016-10-27 13:01] eso

meeting with Cory went well - he create a custom JIRA filter for tracking my work by milestone. Currently fleshing out Confluence workspace

---

## [2016-10-27 13:55] eso

working on T0 area

---

## [2016-10-27 16:07] eso

Finished building out workspace in Confluence. Moved the Corwn Store Design Hub into this space as well

---

## [2016-10-27 17:29] eso

finished the T0 area, layout transition is pretty consistent good feeling of solidity now

---

## [2016-10-27 17:38] eso

removed the horizontal rules - getting in the way
taking a closer look at the sidebar

---

## [2016-10-31 16:45] eso

Using a new method to embed fonts in the prototype - directly including the font data as BASE64 in the CSS. Its ingenious. Got that working and deactivated my account w fonts.com where I was hosting that info externally. Pushed changes to zos

---

