# Raw Entries for May 2016

**Total Entries:** 50
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2016-05-02 12:49] eso

starting on evvent onboarding task. I thought Doug had puty an event up on Dev for me but not seeing it

When an event becomes available how do I know?
- product announcement dialog
- want to be able to act upon that event immediately
- more generally, want to act upon anything in the announcement dialog immediately
- the more immediate case is that an event token is being placed into player inventory, which must be then navigated to and used
1. events should be activatable with a single prompt
2. event (products) should provide consistent prompts wherever shown
3. Maybe events aren't shown in the Product announcement dialog
	- maybe these are a unique kind of announcement

Product Announcement Dialog - Why so awkward?
- intrusive
- chunky, but not chunky enough - should be treated as a full height panel similar
	- what if it was a vertical panel?
- non-repeatable
- had previously explored idea of placing that announcement in a navigable panel attached to the player menu

---

## [2016-05-02 14:41] eso

Stepped through console event onboarding flow, its pretty rough, especially the part where my inventory was full and so I was unable to accept teh event. we can do better.

will work on this for 1 more hour today
x capture PC flow (if possible)
- create flowchart for current onboarding experience
	x From Store
	- From Announcement
- Identify issues with screenshots
	- Poor Messaging (Have I joined the event when I purchase?)
	- Gated by Inventory Space
	- How do I know to find the event token in my inventory?
	- What is an event token?
	- How do I know that I need to make the event quest my active quest?
	- Where do I set my active quest?
- create flowchart showing optimized experience

- what if I wanted to track the progress of an event? I don't feel like the Corwn Store is a good landing page for this

---

## [2016-05-03 11:57] eso

To discuss at Sync-up

- extended membership (as discussed in store)
	- is this feature for console owners only?
	- how to expose this to players in the store
	- benefits

- product announcement dialog
- join event from  product announcement
- dependency on confirm purchase design previously posted
	- need additional real estate to further describe the event and provide customer support  in tooltip
- looking at a solution where this dialog is modified to be a panel

---

## [2016-05-04 09:04] eso

HERE'S THE DESIGN OVERVIEW

Flow Diagrams - current
x	Featured Category Crown Store
x	Product Announcement Dialog

Flow Diagrams - redesigned
x	Featured Category Crown Store
x	Product Announcement Dialog

Market Product Confirmation
x	show confirmation dialog for event acceptance

Provide customer support with messaging
x	The Event Tooltip
	x How do I know that I need to make the event quest my active quest?
	x Where do I set my active quest?
	x What are the rewards

Showing Events in the Store
x	the event tile is a full width tile w gfx support (its supposed to look fun)
x	how does this share screen space with Featured DLC?

Increasing the visibility of Events
x	redesigned product announcement dialog
	x seperate event presentation from product presentation


- Who is participating?
	- show event icon on character nameplate
	- show event icon on character sheet
	- show icon on character sheet player menu item

---

## [2016-05-04 11:06] eso

???
What happens after I've opted in to an event?
- time limited
	- if you login afterward you will not be able to participate

"During the month of december you can get reindeer antlers for your car"

for birthday cake what were the perks:
double XP buff (thats all we offered)
social currency  - spawns where you want
like an edible pet

when you complet the quest - there's a quest reward
at the end of the dialog w the NPC gives a reard w appropriate messaging

for next event
- Witches Fest
character goes to NPC gets a thing
throws it down and interacts w it
turns player character into zombie
any player friends get turned into zombies
go do repeatable content
(part of questline?)

event themed rewards -
halloween masks
motif

collect all the masks and motifs to craft an item

- assumed that I see any buffs in character sheet
- how about any special items? is that a thing? how do I know where they are?
- do I need to know who else is participating?

---

## [2016-05-04 15:04] eso

the difference nbetween promotion and description

 - go head to head with other players in a Bloon-popping battle for victory. From the creators of best-selling Bloons TD 5, this all new Battles game is specially designed for multiplayer combat, featuring over 20 custom head-to-head tracks, incredible towers and upgrades, all-new attack and defense boosts, and the ability to control bloons directly and send them charging past your opponent's defenses.

It's a surreal mix of classical visual novels, odd choices, cyberpunk, mysticism and everyday life of a man lost in a rapidly changing reality.

You'll see the game, inspired by the numerous arthouse films, postmodern literature and dreams that come closer to dawn.

It's monkey vs monkey for the first time ever. This game is the memory of the games that have never existed.
Features:

150 background images, some of them are animated, made in the old-school pixel art
Graphics, based on a simulation of the old systems and monitors (mostly on the Commodore 64 and MSX)
Dive into the crazy world full of mysticism and cyberpunk
The atmospheric and varied music (40 songs)
The total duration of the game: more than 4 hours
Just read, watch, listen to and ponder the riddles of the game world

---

## [2016-05-04 17:57] eso

Good progress on the design overview today. Setup review for Friday am

Flow Diagrams - current
x	Featured Category Crown Store
x	Product Announcement Dialog

Flow Diagrams - redesigned
x	Featured Category Crown Store
x	Product Announcement Dialog

Market Product Confirmation
x	show confirmation dialog for event acceptance

Provide customer support with messaging
x	The Event Tooltip
	x How do I know that I need to make the event quest my active quest?
	x Where do I set my active quest?
	x What are the rewards

Showing Events in the Store
x	the event tile is a full width tile w gfx support (its supposed to look fun)
x	how does this share screen space with Featured DLC?

Increasing the visibility of Events
x	redesigned product announcement dialog
	x seperate event presentation from product presentation


- Who is participating?
	- show event icon on character nameplate
	- show event icon on character sheet
	- show icon on character sheet player menu item

---

## [2016-05-06 10:56] eso

Event Onboarding Review notes

Start with praise for succesful event

Optimized Flow
- Its not about redeeming a token, its about starting a quest

- Souven

OUTCOME:
Everyone likes the design
Next steps: create/revise subtasks
- need high fidelity design CONSOLE
- need high fidelity design PC
- need high fidelity design for Product Announcement Dialog PC
- need high fidelity design for Product Announcement Dialog CONSOLE

Speak w Jason W and Jason K about the work they're doing on Housing

---

## [2016-05-10 16:44] eso

Working on updated Product Announcement dialog for review later this week
Experimenting abit with confluence to see if it can support better 2 column layouts

---

## [2016-05-10 17:38] eso

setting up confluence docs and doing some housekeeping

---

## [2016-05-10 18:20] eso

added UX overview page
stubbed in content for Product Announcement designs (renamed them as Crown Announcements actually)
added some use case descriptions I'd written up for previous design

---

## [2016-05-11 00:05] eso

working on Console design
show banner to Lee & Doug tomorrow

---

## [2016-05-11 09:09] eso

working on PC design
the Crown Store fireworks file has become unwieldy causing memory errors every tim its opened
going to spend som etime cleaning it up before proceeding. yeah I know.

---

## [2016-05-11 09:43] eso

cleaned up the FW store doc

---

## [2016-05-11 10:11] eso

back on the CONSOLE design
-	identify uses cases
-	cleanup

---

## [2016-05-11 11:20] eso

finishing up the Console design. posting to confluence shortly. looks solid.

---

## [2016-05-11 11:39] eso

adding use case for interactible banner
-	no further information, shows promo text in tooltip
-	opens crown store

---

## [2016-05-11 14:12] eso

posted console design to confluence
getting the PC design setup
- some possibilities
- is it a single column scroll like console?
- does it use

---

## [2016-05-11 14:37] eso

started layout

---

## [2016-05-11 17:48] eso

still figuring out PC layout. closer

---

## [2016-05-11 18:46] eso

finished inactive states

It’s man or machine or monkey for the win.  Why aren’t you doing this right now?

REWARDS
150 background images, some of them are animated, made in the old-school pixel art.

Graphics, based on a simulation of the old systems and monitors

GETTING STARTED
This event creates a new Quest for the duration. Find your way around by making it your active quest.

There was almost complete silence. It had stopped being delightfully scary about halfway through, and had become unexpectedly terrifying. Can you keep a secret? We can.

All Adventurewear Costumes are being discounted this month to honor the new Emperor.

---

## [2016-05-11 19:55] eso

updating confluence w PC design

---

## [2016-05-11 20:16] eso

completed design

---

## [2016-05-12 07:59] eso

Design Review went well
Bobby/Ben brought up interesting use case regarding auto-accept quest
Quest Journal fills up - how to handle use case in which journal is full?
- TODO: modify flow to accomodate this use case
x TODO: send out follow up email summarizing meeting to particiapants
- cleanup design hub page, is getting hard to find designs because the JIRA stories are in the way. Consider putting them in a "fold-out" section

---

## [2016-05-13 12:43] eso

working out some VPN problems with Colin
- seeing as I will be out on Wed, I want to setup design review for the Crown Purchase dialog
	- this needs to reiterate points made in other designs
	- high Console layout

---

## [2016-05-16 12:58] eso

meeting with Jo Burba about working on Crown Store website

UX for: (in this order)
website
patcher
billing and account management

new marketing director:
Heather Power-
she wants to do "everything"
look at the pieces of these silios holistically

new Bethesda patcher
- Legend is good example of what theyre looking for

Is the patcher the 1st priority?
new version of the patcher (v5.0) that they want to inbtegrate look and feel into

1 guy that does patcher development
2 contracts and 1 fulltime employee on billibg and acct management
web is 2 developers

Jared
Matt
Heather
John Landor(?)

1. review website elderscrollsonline.com
2. stakeholder meeting
3. Jo will send material (roadmap, marketing schedules, etc...)
4. follow up w Jo at end of Week (friday)
00

---

## [2016-05-16 23:04] eso

getting a late start of the Crown Confirm design docs
- review and collate existing design
	- look for use cases previously specified as wireframes
- join event from this dialog
- point out that the purchase flow from anywhere (store, announcement) is the same

The Purchase Loop
Use Cases
x Event
x Market Product
x Market Product Bundle
x DLC Product
x Package Referral
x Product Referral
x Alternate Currency

Choosing an Alternate Product

---

## [2016-05-17 02:35] eso

almost done creating screens for console design

---

## [2016-05-17 03:42] eso

created 1st draft confluence doc for gamepad

3 hours
- finish PC design
- save Console design to powerpoint for walkthrough
- add all slides to confluence
	- edit copy after presentation

---

## [2016-05-17 03:47] eso

created new doc for PC design
- finish it up in 3 hours
- design review is at 11a

---

## [2016-05-17 04:07] eso

put together the basic parts for the dialog

---

## [2016-05-17 09:49] eso

have put together a powerpoint doc to let me move fluidly thru console designs
working on PC design
x market product
x DLC (bundle)
x event
x Package Referral
x Product Referral
x Alternate Currency
- crown store point of purchase
- announcement opt-in

---

## [2016-05-17 11:01] eso

DOne, ready to present


TALKING POINTS
-	Uniform purchase experience from anywhere in the game
-	broad canvas for promotion & brand identity
-	handle multiple content types flexibly
	-	product tiles (large/small/non-framed)
	-	product bundles
	-	DLC
	-	Events
-	Can scale to integrate data-driven product relationships
-	Can scale to handle multiple currencies
-	Scalable to allow quantity

---

## [2016-05-17 11:26] eso

design recieved will, no real surprises. everyone is on board

TO-DO:
- add use case for adding quantity of item
- add editorial text to confluence design

---

## [2016-05-23 14:42] eso

Stakeholder meeting w Jon Landor, Matt Firor, Heather (new marketing manager), and Jo Burba
- action items include
- stakeholder review
- leading up to a multidisciplinary top down view of Launcher, Website, Account Manager. Console Dashboard and other fchannels
-	I'm calling this documentation a Customer Experience Journey
-	I need to come up with or identify a broad name for these systems
-	I can probably leverage some of the work I'd previously done on this

TODO:
- collate notes
- setup further (lower level) meetings w stakeholders identified in notes
- identify story (Customer Experience Journey audit) and subtasks
	-	stakeholder interviews
		-	storytelling
			-	what do you want
			-	what will make you look good
			-	what will make you feel satisfied and confident with your job
			-	how long have you wanted it, what has blocked it
		-	identify existing work in this space and make allies
			-	identify existing user stories (Cory had pointed these out in JIRA)
			-	who was behind website redesign to make it look more like console UI visual design?
			-	what kind of BI is available for me too look at?
	-	research
		-	comparitive analysis of best practices for other game sites
			-	identify parts
		-	catalog elderscrollsonline.com
			-	identify parts
		-	create a shared vocabulary
		-	comparision w eso & other
	-	documentation
		-	identify how scenarios are realized across different areas of the product
		-	identify process not mechanics
		-	TODO: need to think about what'w being communicated here. who is the audience?
	-	deliverables
		- identify them

---

## [2016-05-24 10:34] eso

Managing expectations
-	find some good examples of customer experience docs
	-	share with stakeholder group
	-	point out that my deliverable will be similar in nature
-	voice chat with Heather Powers (marketing director)
	-	research
x	meetup w Cory Tsang
	x	go through JIRA tasks he's identified
	x	where is his backlog
	x	discuss task tracking


CMS
writes articles
publish

pushed to staging
QA hits it
approved - Community team
published

---

## [2016-05-24 11:51] eso

Existing Web UX tasks tracked in JIRA
https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?mode=hide&requestId=25640

Track my tasks here
https://jira.zenimaxonline.com:8443/browse/ESO-475560

---

## [2016-05-24 11:59] eso

meeting with
Dan Da Cunha
Senior Software Engineer

William Brall
Senior Web Developer

communityu features
- fan art
- cosplay
- tumblr integration


"when I type in elder scrolls online what do I see"
- They spoke to the need for mapping customer experiences throughout the system - a customer experience map

---

## [2016-05-24 18:02] eso

-	find some good examples of customer experience docs
	-	share with stakeholder group
	-	point out that my deliverable will be similar in nature
-	voice chat with Heather Powers (marketing director)
	-	research
-	Platform Scrum (7a)
	-	create subtasks
	-	setup meeting with Matt Grandstaff & Jessica Folsom to identify community needs
-	Crown Store Scrum
	-	set expectation for Announcement & Event design deliverables

---

## [2016-05-25 08:35] eso

pick an anchor and define that area as safe
-	Analysis before action

IMMEDIATE GOALS
	-	Give the problem a name so that I can ask people about it
		-	Its called "UX for Web, BAM and Patcher"
	-	Speak to people about how they feel about the website and account management
	-	Study the design space to that I can identify common patterns
	-	Collate stakeholder research to create a list of scenarios and mock personas
	-	Making a map of the signal flow to understand how to create a scalable and self-consistent design framework
	-	Form a telepathic relationship w developers by discussing throwaway artifacts of my research

	-	Website & landing page Content Strategy
		-

	DELIVERABLES
	-	Add tasks to JIRA
	-	Experience Map
		-	Show how mock personas currently move through touchpoints by stepping them through scenarios
		-	create mock personas
		-	create list of scenarios
		-	identify touchpoints

	-	Use throwaway design research artifacts for scheduled discussion w developers
		-	Dan Da Cunha
		-	William Brall
		-	Marc Hudgins (?)
		-	Jared (?)

What is the midterm goal?
	-	Consensus on a plan of action
	-	Active development
	-	Definition of specific outcomes
	-	Prioritized tasks leading to clearly stated outcomes

What outcomes are you crafting?

who is your audience? how will you deliver work to them?
-	stakeholders
	-	PDF
	-	Powerpoint
-	production
	-	PDF
	-	Confluence

---

## [2016-05-25 11:24] eso

you've chosen to compare apples and oranges. Why these particular fruits? Why not pears and bananas? The rationale behind your choice, the grounds for comparison, lets your reader know why your choice is deliberate and meaningful, not random.

---

## [2016-05-25 11:30] eso

Schedule a meeting to go over comparitive analysis work on Friday

---

## [2016-05-25 11:47] eso

starting on comparitive analysis task
outcome here is to have discussion material for a meeting w the web devs
don't focus on structuring it quite yet. powerpoint is the way to get started

later:
go thru the JIRA task list and categorize the language and intention there

---

## [2016-05-26 07:16] eso

Shawn Lindsey is QA for web Dev

---

## [2016-05-26 09:49] eso

chart against these fruit:

Sales
Marketing
Promotion
Public Relations
Fanservice
Onboarding
Customer Service
Community
Activities

---

## [2016-05-26 20:33] eso

almost finished mapping out landing pages
what more?
-	capture all silos on elderscrollsonline.com for side by side visual comparison
-	sitemap?

---

## [2016-05-26 23:03] eso

how did I get to the website?
-	Twitch channel
-	Google

---

## [2016-05-27 11:14] eso

cleanup category definition slide
provide key for each "starred" page

---

## [2016-05-31 17:00] eso

invoicing

ESO-453424 Announcement UI refactor
ESO-453722 - Investigate Announcements UI & Event Support - CLOSED
ESO-458917 - Revise design for Market Product Carousel - CLOSED
ESO-472136 - Improve event onboarding (Design) - CLOSED
ESO-472788 - Design review: Event Onboarding - CLOSED
ESO-472787 - Confluence docs for event onboarding - CLOSED
ESO-473503 - Update product announcement dialog PC (Design) - CLOSED
ESO-473504 - Update product announcement dialog (Gamepad)(Design) - CLOSED
ESO-473512 - Design Review: Product and Event Announcements (Gamepad/PC) - CLOSED
ESO-473509 - Mockup & template for Confirm Purchase Screen (Gamepad)(Design) - CLOSED
ESO-473510 - Mockup & template for Confirm Purchase Screen (PC)(Design) - CLOSED

ESO-474669 Design Review Crown Purchase Dialog

---

## [2016-05-31 17:09] eso

send out invoice in the am
check with Yuting where the announcement story is being tracked - not seeing it in my rapid board

---

