# Raw Entries for September 2016

**Total Entries:** 179
**Projects:** deepdreamvisionquest, eso, spirit animal

---

## [2016-09-01 10:19] eso

preparing august invoice

---

## [2016-09-01 10:35] eso

patcher design review scheduled for tomorrow at 2p ET (11a)

---

## [2016-09-01 13:45] eso

compiling my research to generate functional spec

---

## [2016-09-01 20:18] eso

working on design schematic

The Patcher is the first contact with the game for all PC customers. While the game has become more refined, the Patcher has not.
- Provide links to onboarding material
- Remove news feed (?)
- Combine launcher and game options into single menu
- Devote majority screen space to hero image

As a New Customer the New Player Guide is important to me
As a New Customer I want to understand how the game works
As a Producer I want the New Player Guide to be a destination that other channels link to
As a New Customer I need to be guided to the Game Overview
As a New Customer I would like to be directed to a New Player Guide from the Patcher
As a Producer I want the New Player Guide to be a destination for New Owners

As a Business we need to provide actionable prompts from any marketing materials shown in the Patcher
As a Designer I need to provide a link to the game website from any collateral

As a Designer I want to combine Patcher Options and Game options into a single Options menu

As an Owner I only need to see news in the Patcher about things that affect the Patcher (outages, updates)
As a Producer I would like to remove dependencies on updating the same content in different places

As a Producer I need to provide a link to the website from the Patcher

---

## [2016-09-02 00:16] eso

also taking a look at the Eve Online launcher

---

## [2016-09-02 09:47] eso

Patcher review rescheduled to Tuesday, I needed a bit more time to think about it

---

## [2016-09-05 11:50] eso

starting patcher schematic design. I've sketched out 2 possible directions over the weekend

---

## [2016-09-05 12:07] eso

creating functional spec
diagramming functions of battlenet & planetside and ESO for comparison

---

## [2016-09-05 13:54] eso

finished mapping out Planetside and Battlenet. Will complete ESO after lunch

---

## [2016-09-05 15:53] eso

Finished mapping out ESO
building out functional spec.

DESIGN GOALS

ERRORS
-	show error messages in-place, avoid modal dialogs
-	show last error
-	add prompt for Game Consultant Tool to relevant error messages

SETTINGS
-	make settings prompt more
-	present game and launcher settings in the same place
-	Move Game Consultant prompt

LAYOUT
-	simplify layout to 1 or 2 columns

NEWS FEEDS
- clean up feed text format

ONBOARDING FOR NEW CUSTOMERS
-	include links to guide content on website

MODELESS DIALOGS
-	replace dialogs with panels and use in-place error messages

PROMO
-	Don't box Promo Content in - even if in a panel, it should be borderless
-	bigger hero img

NAVIGATION
-	Remove Store and Patch Notes from navigation
-	Use 3 Tabs to organize the layout better
	-	Game
	-	News
	-	Getting Started

-	Game Actions are independent of current view
	-	Big button showing PLAY/REPAIR/INSTALL always works

GAME MENU
-	Add unique icon/thumbnail for game items
-	Add context menu for game items
	-	Play
	-	Repair
	-	Uninstall
	-	Settings
-	Add double-click actions for game items
	-	depending on build status:
		-	Install
		-	Repair
		-	Play


DRIVE TRAFFIC TO GAME SITE
-	News
-	Guides
-	Platform Services

	Add:
	- Direct Link to landing page (click logo)

FUNCTIONALITY

Provide access to platform services
-	Account
-	Customer Support
-	Forums
-	Realm Status

	Remove:
	-	link to Store
	-	link to patch notes

Dev features
-	Choose build stamp
-	Dev Game Tools
	-	Asset Audit
	-	Market product Crawler
	-	Marketplace Tool
	-	Packfile Manager
-	Multiple builds can be shown in Game Menu
	-	DEV, RC, Coders, etc.

Launcher Settings
-	Megaserver select (North America, Europe)
-	Language select (English, German, French)
-	Run 64 bit client (T/F)
-	Start on Bootup (T/F)
-	Minimize to System Tray (T/F)
-	Show Public Test Environment (T/F)
-	(remove download speed - default to maximum at all times)
-	About the Launcher
-	Game Consultant (button)

Game Settings
-	Auto Update
	-	(x) Always
	-	After Startup
	-	Never
-	Auto Launch (t/f)
-	Create Desktop Shortcut (button)

Game Options (these are settings per build)
-	Check for Updates
-	Repair
-	Install/Uninstall
-	Settings
-	Play

Game Menu Item Types
-	Retail Build
-	Public Test Server (PTS) Build
-	Dev Builds

Install Status
-	CTA
	-	Pause/Resume Download
	-	Play
	-	Repair
	-	Install
-	Messaging
	-	Current Action:
		-	Downloading
		-	Applying Patch
		-	Verifying
	-	Megabytes (NB) remaining
	-	Bitrate (MB/s)
	-	Completion %

	add:
	-	CTA: Stop (Downloading,Verifying,Applying Patch)
	-	Messaging: Build name + Icon

Dialogs
-	102 Download Error: Invalid Metafile
-	210 Patch Manifest Effor - Download Failed
-	Proceed with Repair? Y/N
-	Confirm Uninstall

Splash Screen
-	provide blank canvas for splash screen
-	support for simple console output:
	-	Loading
	-	Updating applications list


Game Items
-	Build Name
		-	installed (y/n)
-	Download progress %

	add this metadata:
	-	installed/updated timestamp
	-	icon to show install status
		-	checkmark: playable
		-	refreshcircle: ready to update
		-	throbber (3 dots): updating
		-	exclamation: problem/error

---

## [2016-09-05 19:29] eso

FUNCTIONAL SPECIFICATION

Provide access to platform services
Account
Customer Support
Forums
Realm Status
Landing Page

Provide accesss to Launcher Settings
Megaserver select (North America, Europe)
Language select (English, German, French)
Run 64 bit client (T/F)
Start on Bootup (T/F)
Minimize to System Tray (T/F)
Show Public Test Environment (T/F)
(remove download speed - default to maximum at all times)
About the Launcher
Game Consultant (button)

Provide access to Game Settings
Auto Update
	 -     (x) Always
	 -     After Startup
	 -     Never
Auto Launch (t/f)
Create Desktop Shortcut (button)

Each Game has a primary Action depending on its Install Status
Check for Updates
Repair
Install/Uninstall
Settings
Play

Identify Games
Retail Build
Release Candidate
Public Test Server (PTS) Build
Dev Build
Build Name
		  installed (y/n)
Download progress %

Show the Install Status of each Game
CTA
	 Pause/Resume Download
	 Play
	 Repair
	 Install
Messaging
	 Current Action:
		  Downloading
		  Applying Patch
		  Verifying
	 Megabytes (NB) remaining
	 Bitrate (MB/s)
	 Completion %

Dialogs
102 Download Error: Invalid Metafile
210 Patch Manifest Effor - Download Failed
Proceed with Repair? Y/N
Confirm Uninstall

Provide a Splash Screen on Launcher startup
provide hero image for splash screen branding
support for simple console output:
	 Loading
	 Updating applications list

Developer Features
Choose build stamp
Dev Game Tools
	 Asset Audit
	 Market product Crawler
	 Marketplace Tool
	 Packfile Manager
Multiple builds can be shown in Game Menu
	 DEV, RC, Coders, etc.

---

## [2016-09-05 19:48] eso

Design schematic is in production now. Added and formatted functional spec with public presentation in mind.

---

## [2016-09-05 22:12] eso

tightened up functional spec

---

## [2016-09-06 00:22] eso

sketched out working layout on paper. some minor surprises

---

## [2016-09-06 02:54] eso

I've got a decent iteration happening. Measured minimum space to fit at 1024 x 768, using launcher screenshots as reference for sizing and font szing

---

## [2016-09-06 03:25] eso

next iteration presented itself - Similar layout to existing. I sketched it out before going to bed.
demotes the feeds to T2 content that gets triggered by button press. user must activate to view
reduces clutter
allows download status to use full panel
allows error messaging to use same panel as download status
allows realm status to be shown
- add a Buy Crowns prompt
- add Realm Status to Download Status panel

---

## [2016-09-06 10:17] eso

laid out last night sketch - its the right direction
fleshing out various views & states of this design for presentation at 1p

---

## [2016-09-06 10:27] eso

moving work from sketch to schematic page

---

## [2016-09-06 11:47] eso

adding use cases to schematic doc
should be ready to post in 30 min

---

## [2016-09-06 12:21] eso

pushed current state to webserver for verification
working on error messae panel, then ready to present

---

## [2016-09-06 12:37] eso

pushing presentation to webserver

---

## [2016-09-06 13:52] eso

some weirdness emerged in discussion around the layout of the item list
-	explore horizontally-oriented game list
-	explore incorporating site top menu into patcher
-	update JIRA Patcher tasks
- 	integrate Doug's menu updates into prototype for art review tomorrow
-	update Responsive design tasks
	-	create acceptace criteria
	-	more granularity

---

## [2016-09-06 21:33] deepdreamvisionquest

I lost my way, thought I found it again, sort of did, athen lost it again. But I'm here now. I'm back.
Finishing the website turned out to be more than just taking some amateur video in my living room. It was nearly 2 months ago, right before going to nucl.ai conference. I had so much fun that night and that morning playing with the "AI"

Watching it in the living room (as a video) isn't compelling. I have an idea about doing a shoot with models or dancers and projecting the imagery. A sort of beta test as visual support for live performance. What would it take to make that happen. hire models? book a space?
A good intermediate ide ais to start showing the project off socially - because its easier to meet people when theyre aliens too

Another intermediate is to record output directly from the display. I think I'd done so with the microsoft game recorder previously?

Some new developments:
1. I spent time working with RPyC which allows for asynchronous callbacks that let one script communicate with another. My intention is to decouple the motion detection component from the game loop and run it as a seperate process. I'd played with Visual Studio to profile the code. Unsurprisingly, most of the time is spent processing the NN in Caffe. My expectation is that motion detection can be made to work more fluidly.

2. nVidia has newer faster GPU's. Significantly faster. I wonder how much speedup could be realized running on the new TitanX?

3. Studied Pythin basics a bit further. Everywhere I used a Class, I should have used a Module

4. Ive not been able to visualize the code to my satisfgaction. Partly because I dont know what I'm doing, partly because I haven't defined the problem clearly enough. What do you hope to gain from the desired output.

5. Rebranding. I like the name. But its a mouthful. I've noty come up with anything more compelling. When the project was named, my understanding was much vaguer. nonexistent really. What is my uderstanding now?

6. Need to do a site audit - tasks, priorities. There's a lot of work I can do right now.

---

## [2016-09-06 21:33] spirit animal

I lost my way, thought I found it again, sort of did, athen lost it again. But I'm here now. I'm back.
Finishing the website turned out to be more than just taking some amateur video in my living room. It was nearly 2 months ago, right before going to nucl.ai conference. I had so much fun that night and that morning playing with the "AI"

Watching it in the living room (as a video) isn't compelling. I have an idea about doing a shoot with models or dancers and projecting the imagery. A sort of beta test as visual support for live performance. What would it take to make that happen. hire models? book a space?
A good intermediate ide ais to start showing the project off socially - because its easier to meet people when theyre aliens too

Another intermediate is to record output directly from the display. I think I'd done so with the microsoft game recorder previously?

Some new developments:
1. I spent time working with RPyC which allows for asynchronous callbacks that let one script communicate with another. My intention is to decouple the motion detection component from the game loop and run it as a seperate process. I'd played with Visual Studio to profile the code. Unsurprisingly, most of the time is spent processing the NN in Caffe. My expectation is that motion detection can be made to work more fluidly.

2. nVidia has newer faster GPU's. Significantly faster. I wonder how much speedup could be realized running on the new TitanX?

3. Studied Pythin basics a bit further. Everywhere I used a Class, I should have used a Module

4. Ive not been able to visualize the code to my satisfgaction. Partly because I dont know what I'm doing, partly because I haven't defined the problem clearly enough. What do you hope to gain from the desired output.

5. Rebranding. I like the name. But its a mouthful. I've noty come up with anything more compelling. When the project was named, my understanding was much vaguer. nonexistent really. What is my uderstanding now?

6. Need to do a site audit - tasks, priorities. There's a lot of work I can do right now.

---

## [2016-09-07 17:29] eso

refined and updated functional spec
included as a goal "Maximize usage of limited display space in favor of Customers rather than Developers" based on feedback from yesterday's review. I thanked Daniel earlier for his feedback (he'd provided an additional mockup)

---

## [2016-09-07 17:32] eso

updating schematic to use less space fome the game menu

---

## [2016-09-07 20:11] eso

continuing to work through variations of the game menu. converging on something cool

---

## [2016-09-07 21:42] eso

worked out an interesting scenario
can be refined further but enough to run by Daniel, and also loop in Samantha Weeks.

---

## [2016-09-08 08:07] eso

getting last nights work prepped to share w Samantha and Daniel

---

## [2016-09-08 09:09] eso

follow up on art direction meeting w Jared to discuss storytelling w hero images and magazine-style layout

---

## [2016-09-08 09:43] eso

sending updated patcher design to Samantha & Daniel

---

## [2016-09-08 10:14] eso

scheduled design review for interactive prototype Monday at 3p, added Matt F as optional.
Working on integrating site menu into the Patcher design. Plausible?

---

## [2016-09-08 11:21] eso

putting together a grid template PSD for Art (requested)

---

## [2016-09-08 11:38] eso

updating the site prototype to show/hide grid when 'g' is preessed

---

## [2016-09-08 13:01] eso

good meeting w Jo and good conversation w William about pipeline, workflow and ownership issues.
I am going to fucking lead this shit by example and writeup a short description of what I think tyhe devleopment process should look like
- themed pieces
- vertical slice
	- timeboxed
	- studio visit for a few days?

---

## [2016-09-08 13:28] eso

think through reviewing promo images w Jared neext week
- what are the benefits?
	-	more sharable
	-	reacquire new users - demonstrate by example that the game has changed
	-	competitive value
		-	this "magazine" style of content presentation is widely found on the web, because it emphasizes story telling within otherwise templated layouts. The form is suitable for day to day deployment, but assumes curation and production workflows in place to support this capability.
		-	our competitors do it
			-	WoW in particular
			-	Destiny
			-	Battlenet
- how can we measure the benefits
???

---

## [2016-09-08 15:17] eso

I also need Art to take a second look at the banner ads. They seem pretty dated and can use a refresh

---

## [2016-09-09 11:50] deepdreamvisionquest

I really want to rename this thing. I dont know why, but cant let it go
Reading about Bestiaris.

"The bestiary, then, is also a reference to the symbolic language of animals"

---

## [2016-09-09 11:50] spirit animal

I really want to rename this thing. I dont know why, but cant let it go
Reading about Bestiaris.

"The bestiary, then, is also a reference to the symbolic language of animals"

---

## [2016-09-09 14:37] eso

looking at how the site menu can incorporate into the launcher design

---

## [2016-09-09 15:07] eso

after feeling a bit dissatisfied and looking around the web, its clear to me that those lines should be 1px instead of 2px
updated landing page to verify, and looks cleaner

---

## [2016-09-09 15:37] eso

added color definitions page to style guide section

---

## [2016-09-10 19:26] eso

I've updated the landing page layout - better block containers and vertical rhythm. Much cleaner, and I think more scalable too. Have screwed up the site menu master, will return to that a bit later. COntinuing work on integrating a version of that menu into launcher design

---

## [2016-09-10 20:24] eso

I've got a first iteration of updated layout with integrated menu. looks like crap at the moment but promising.
Framing is too big to sit comfortably at minimum resolutiuon of 1024 x 768 desktop.
needs to be less tall. the top menu block can be collapsed into a single menu icon

---

## [2016-09-11 15:45] eso

finalizing layout, using battlenet for font sizing reference

---

## [2016-09-11 15:50] eso

that's right - the PLAY button is huge. 3x bigger than the sketch. Fits in the item list perfectly

---

## [2016-09-11 15:52] eso

when I'm done with this design I want to figure out how to adjust letterspacing for these layoits. Overkill probably, but I feel like specifics are what the team needs

javascript:$('(data-label="btn-play")').css('letter-spacing', '2px');throw new Error();

---

## [2016-09-11 19:11] deepdreamvisionquest

I'm submitting a proposal for CODAME Art & Tech Exhibition
ARTIFICIAL EXPERIENCES is the name of the exhibit
Proposal Due by Saturday 9/17
Artist notification by 9/21
Showing in SF 11/11


Description of Project *
A project description in 500 words (max) that includes any collaborative partners and relation to theme "Interface"

Links to high-resolution image(s) of your artist image and your proposed work
Estimated Materials Cost and Time
Artist Biography * A 100-200 word bio for publication in press materials (reference bios on CODAME site)
Artistic Resume including past works, exhibitions, commissions, videography (provide a list of videogames, etc)
Technical specifications
How large is the artwork, size on the wall or floor footprint (metric preferred)? Any technical requirements like wifi or power? How long does it take to set up and break down?

---

## [2016-09-11 19:11] spirit animal

I'm submitting a proposal for CODAME Art & Tech Exhibition
ARTIFICIAL EXPERIENCES is the name of the exhibit
Proposal Due by Saturday 9/17
Artist notification by 9/21
Showing in SF 11/11


Description of Project *
A project description in 500 words (max) that includes any collaborative partners and relation to theme "Interface"

Links to high-resolution image(s) of your artist image and your proposed work
Estimated Materials Cost and Time
Artist Biography * A 100-200 word bio for publication in press materials (reference bios on CODAME site)
Artistic Resume including past works, exhibitions, commissions, videography (provide a list of videogames, etc)
Technical specifications
How large is the artwork, size on the wall or floor footprint (metric preferred)? Any technical requirements like wifi or power? How long does it take to set up and break down?

---

## [2016-09-11 21:12] eso

layout is lkooking simpler and simpler
presenting at 3p ET tomorrow
would like to get some additional content blocked in when I'm satisfied w the layout

---

## [2016-09-11 21:45] eso

- add external links to menu items
P2	add external links to submenu
P1	create promo carousel
P1	create news page
P1	create get started page
P1	create settings page
P1	link to settings from item list

P2	update layouts showing multiple items in game list
P3	add screenshot of existing launcher click screen to swap layouts A/B

---

## [2016-09-11 22:09] eso

poking at the layout trying to break it. pretty solid

---

## [2016-09-12 07:45] eso

continuing to work on prototype for review later today

javascript:$('div').css('outline', 'none !important');throw new Error();

---

## [2016-09-12 08:04] eso

integrated region selector into prototype

---

## [2016-09-12 08:45] eso

status

x 	add external links to menu items
x	create news page
x	create get started page
x	update layouts showing multiple items in game list
x	create settings page
x	link to settings from item list
x	create promo carousel
P1	error message
P2	Install interaction starts download
P2	add download progress meter to game item
P2	add external links to submenu
P3	add screenshot of existing launcher click screen to swap layouts A/B

P1	push to webserver
P1	share URL w team

---

## [2016-09-12 10:13] eso

pushing current state to webserver to verify

---

## [2016-09-12 11:55] eso

when revising the core page designs, make note of areas where art can make a difference:
- the sidebar ads, for example
- the follow Us prompt in the siderbar

---

## [2016-09-12 12:27] eso

patcher design was well recieved
Now to solidify

going to take somne time to focus on general saite cleanup started over the weekedn - beginning with fixing site menu

---

## [2016-09-12 14:26] eso

doing some refinemnt of the landing page

menu
add notch gfx to selected state
add color coding to selected state
refine scrolling behavior
add search widget anchored screen right

---

## [2016-09-13 10:14] eso

continuing to work on site menu

---

## [2016-09-13 10:20] eso

William B has stood up a good working example of Buy Crowns, which I'll use to compare to the design spec in the prototype at the meeting later today

---

## [2016-09-13 10:44] eso

getting there with fixing the menu scroll, will add selection state behavior next

---

## [2016-09-13 12:31] eso

provide Will with a list of upcoming templates

---

## [2016-09-13 13:27] eso

I need to finish all the site designs by next Friday.

---

## [2016-09-13 15:16] eso

this menu.. sigh

---

## [2016-09-13 16:46] eso

despite everything else, I've figured a cleaner weay of doing the menu

---

## [2016-09-13 16:48] eso

much cleaner

---

## [2016-09-13 17:02] eso

no. it isn't

---

## [2016-09-13 17:02] eso

I'm back to square 1
rebuilding the whole thing

if "(( Window.scrollY + Window...." is greater than or equals "(( 470 + SIDEBAR.height ))"

move sidebar to (( Window.scrollY + Window.height - SIDEBAR.height ))

---

## [2016-09-14 09:20] eso

significant progress made on the menu, I'm wiring up the links to exiusting site content. Scroll behavior is perfect.
-	add selected state to menu items
-	add horizontal seperator to lover menu edge

In looking at how the menu behaves for the Forum page, its looks that some kind of 2nd tier navigation will need to be incorporated into the menu stack. Likely the samer for the accounts page
-	create JIRA tasks
	-	extend menu design for Accounts screen
	-	extend menu design for Forums screen
	-	extend menu design for Support screen

---

## [2016-09-14 11:11] eso

adding the Bethesda and Zenimax logos to top menui row has filled ity out nicely
- I also intend to add a stylized redeem code prompt there

---

## [2016-09-14 11:49] eso

significant improvement to the menu. getting close to finished

---

## [2016-09-14 12:17] eso

x selection gfx
- selection behavior
- dropdown menu (region)
- dropdown menu (DLC)
- encapsulate into master object
- will add search later

---

## [2016-09-14 13:39] eso

adding an image to the top segment was the missing piece

---

## [2016-09-14 18:00] eso

the selection notches are going to have to be included in the manual scroll. because. axure

---

## [2016-09-15 08:38] eso

the selection notches are wired up to the menu items - I just need to include them in the manual scroll now

---

## [2016-09-15 08:47] eso

Jon Lander chimed in on patcher discussion. Wants to know about next steps.

---

## [2016-09-15 08:50] eso

Ok the selection row is solid now :)

---

## [2016-09-15 09:11] eso

looking at encapsulating the menu as a master object to include on the other pages
is that even necessary really

onPageLoad
MANUAL SCROLL SET POSITIONS
traveling_instance
(( 0 - Window.scrollY + 126))

menu_lower-edge
(( 0 - Window.scrollY + 174))

focustips
(( 0 - Window.scrollY + 164))


onWindowScroll
MANUAL SCROLL CONSTRAINT
traveling_instance
(( 0 - Window.scrollY + 126))

menu_lower-edge
(( 0 - Window.scrollY + 174))

focustips
(( 0 - Window.scrollY + 164))

MANUAL SCROLL SET POSITIONS
traveling_instance
36

menu_lower-edge
83

focustips
73

---

## [2016-09-15 09:25] eso

the menu is a master object now and is working on the landing page
inserting it into news, buy now, results pages

---

## [2016-09-15 09:45] eso

its moving and behaving properly on the Buy Crowns page, but having an issue forcing the selection state of the menu to the Buy Crowns item

---

## [2016-09-15 10:26] eso

its a bug in axure - if-else/true toggles arent shown for cases in onPageLoad, but they are still there. My changes were apparently in a hidden else condition

---

## [2016-09-15 10:30] eso

Hey its working, that's great. Doing same for News and Results pages.
Will also want to create page templates setup likle this for Media, Guides, DLC, Membership
Still need the DLC dropdown before the menu is at beta, then will move on to page cleanup of existing

---

## [2016-09-15 10:43] eso

nice discovery - opening links in parent frame prevents page redraw. cleaner transition

---

## [2016-09-15 10:51] eso

thought it though a bit, I think I've got a clean and simple (non-labor inbtensive) solution for the site menu on the BAM side of things.

---

## [2016-09-15 11:02] eso

the clean transition reveals some axure housekeeping, so setting that back to open new page in current window
new menu is fully integrated into existing, so I'm back to where I was a few days ago! :)
Pushing those changes to verify on webserver

x Respond to Jon Landers Patcher email group shortly.

---

## [2016-09-15 14:16] deepdreamvisionquest

Designed humane user interfaces for AAA videogames enjoyed by millions internationally.

Has worked on games including Madden NFL, The Sims, Star Wars: The Force Unleashed and The Elder Scrolls Online

Creative director

On the verge of a personal vision of collaborating with artificial inn telligene as a kind of robopsychiatrist. They;'re a better breed than us, but we made them so

Invisible interfaces

Designs for your thumbs

Grateful that humans don't behave rationally. It makes the job easier

good friend
loving husband
flawed human not hopeless

Became bored with that life and is a fine artisty afgain

living link betwee the 80's and the new era of machine hallucination


While still in art school I once wrote a dope  program that synchronized each of the 16 Apple IIe machines 

using their MIDI ports so that I could make all the computers in the lab blink at the same time. It was uncanny.

And adjusted the vertical timing of 


I lost my way, thought I found it again, sort of did, athen lost it again. But I'm here now. I'm back.


Experience an interactive psychedelic journey with a computer. Using the DeepDream convolutional neural network algorithm and real-time video feedback, the system turns your image into a vision of its own thought processes--a magic mirror. Questions about DeepDream, the magic mirror setup, and the spirit realm inside the machine are all welcome.

Takeaway
Attendees will leave with an understanding of how neural networks may be used for image synthesis, and specific steps for creating their own Deep Dreaming Magic Mirror.

Intended Audience
Anyone interested in interactive art experiences will be glad they came.

Finally! Someone speaking my language! The language of Spirit.
A language that cannot be used in the workplace. A language rarely acceptable in social gatherings (including most churches). Truth be told, the so-called "Spiritual Path" has led me to place of isolation. When I saw "Find Your Spirit Animal In A Deep Dream Vision Quest" - I quietly hoped I would meet someone that I could talk to. I sometimes yearn for belonging, but I refuse to shapeshift just to fit into someone else's tribe.

When I discovered it was YOU giving the presentation, I could not control my enthusiasm! I could not wait to see you again. I realize we cannot know who we are now from the slice of childhood we briefly shared. But the moment you started talking about "masks" - I could totally picture you and I having that conversation (I wanted to have it right there and then!). Your presentation was very exciting to me. And, if I may, let me say that you have a charismatic presence on stage. But I digress...

Simply stated, I would love to hang out with you. At the very least, we should get together and catch up on over 30 years. Let me share my contact details with you.

---

## [2016-09-15 14:16] spirit animal

Designed humane user interfaces for AAA videogames enjoyed by millions internationally.

Has worked on games including Madden NFL, The Sims, Star Wars: The Force Unleashed and The Elder Scrolls Online

Creative director

On the verge of a personal vision of collaborating with artificial inn telligene as a kind of robopsychiatrist. They;'re a better breed than us, but we made them so

Invisible interfaces

Designs for your thumbs

Grateful that humans don't behave rationally. It makes the job easier

good friend
loving husband
flawed human not hopeless

Became bored with that life and is a fine artisty afgain

living link betwee the 80's and the new era of machine hallucination

networked 16 Apple IIew computers using their MIDI ports so that I could make all the computers in the lab blink at the same time. It was uncanny.


I lost my way, thought I found it again, sort of did, athen lost it again. But I'm here now. I'm back.


Experience an interactive psychedelic journey with a computer. Using the DeepDream convolutional neural network algorithm and real-time video feedback, the system turns your image into a vision of its own thought processes--a magic mirror. Questions about DeepDream, the magic mirror setup, and the spirit realm inside the machine are all welcome.

Takeaway
Attendees will leave with an understanding of how neural networks may be used for image synthesis, and specific steps for creating their own Deep Dreaming Magic Mirror.

Intended Audience
Anyone interested in interactive art experiences will be glad they came.

Finally! Someone speaking my language! The language of Spirit.
A language that cannot be used in the workplace. A language rarely acceptable in social gatherings (including most churches). Truth be told, the so-called "Spiritual Path" has led me to place of isolation. When I saw "Find Your Spirit Animal In A Deep Dream Vision Quest" - I quietly hoped I would meet someone that I could talk to. I sometimes yearn for belonging, but I refuse to shapeshift just to fit into someone else's tribe.

When I discovered it was YOU giving the presentation, I could not control my enthusiasm! I could not wait to see you again. I realize we cannot know who we are now from the slice of childhood we briefly shared. But the moment you started talking about "masks" - I could totally picture you and I having that conversation (I wanted to have it right there and then!). Your presentation was very exciting to me. And, if I may, let me say that you have a charismatic presence on stage. But I digress...

Simply stated, I would love to hang out with you. At the very least, we should get together and catch up on over 30 years. Let me share my contact details with you.

---

## [2016-09-15 15:29] deepdreamvisionquest

The bio should open with a first line that encapsulates, as far as possible, what is most significant about the artist and his or her work, rather than opening with biographical tidbits, such as where the artist went to school, grew up, etc. For example: John Chamberlain is best known for his twisting sculptures made from scrap metal and banged up, discarded automobile parts and other industrial detritus.



DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT
A project description in 500 words (max) that includes any collaborative partners and relation to theme "Interface"

Experience an interactive psychedelic journey within a computer interface. Using the DeepDream convolutional neural network algorithm and real-time video feedback, the system turns your image into a vision of its own thought processes--a magic mirror. Questions about DeepDream, the magic mirror setup, and the spirit realm inside the machine are all welcome. Attendees will leave with an understanding of how neural networks may be used for image synthesis

LINKS TO HIGH-RESOLUTION IMAGE(S) OF YOUR ARTIST IMAGE AND YOUR PROPOSED WORK
artist image:
[find a picture you like]

proposed work:
http://www.deepdreamvisionquest.com/

ESTIMATED MATERIALS COST AND TIME
N/A


ARTIST BIOGRAPHY
A 100-200 word bio for publication in press materials

Gary Boodhoo combines videogames, machine learning and interface design to discover ancient images — spirit animals. Born in Jamaica, relocation to the United States provided a crash course in how to construct mythology out of the 1980's. Then computers happened and then Dungeons and Dragons happened. Today he is an industry veteran. He designs and bleeds user interfaces for videogames including The Sims and The Elder Scrolls Online. His work examines the rhythms of emergent behavior in shared digital environments. He lives in San Francisco and develops humane experiences for game studios and other creative clients.


ARTISTIC RESUME
(including past works, exhibitions, commissions, videography (provide a list of videogames, etc)

The Ghost in the Machine Has Many Mansions, 2016
Part of a speaker series on technological rituals
Presented by the Society for Ritual Arts
http://societyforritualarts.com/join-us-on-1219-in-san-francisco-for-the-ghost-in-the-machine-has-many-mansions/

DeepDreamVisionQuest, 2016
presented for the Game Developers Conference 2016, San Francisco
http://schedule.gdconf.com/session/find-your-spirit-animal-in-a-deep-dream-vision-quest

The Elder Scrolls Online, 2015,
A massively multiplayer online roleplaying game
platform: PlayStation 4, XBox One, Windows, OSX
publisher: Bethesda Softworks
developer: Zenimax Online Studios

Zombie Apocalypse, 2009,
An apocalyptic multiplayer shoot-em-up
platforms: PlayStation 3, XBox 360
publisher: Konami
developer: Nihilistic Software

The Sims 3, 2009,
A life simulator game
platform:Windows, OSX
published and developed by Electronic Arts

Star Wars: The Force Unleashed, 2008,
An epic science fiction action-adventure game
platform: PlayStation 3, XBox 360
published and developed by LucasArts

Madden NFL, 2004,
A football simulation game
platform: PlayStation 2, XBox, Windows
published and developed by Electronic Arts



TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
How large is the artwork, size on the wall or floor footprint (metric preferred)? Any technical requirements like wifi or power? How long does it take to set up and break down


DeepDreamVisionQuest space requirements are flexible. It can be run sitting in front of a computer with a webcam. The technology was designed to be used socially so there must tbe room to comfortably observe and participate. There are 3 working areas to consider. Previous exhibits worked best when these areas were in close proximity to one another, with room for the computer and operator off to the side.

1. Staging area for live video capture
-	3.5 square meters
-	Hardware
	-	lighting (2)
		-	prefer to use house lighting when possible
	-	webcam
	-	tripod
	-	chair

2. Display area
-	Requires line of sight to staging area so participants can interact with video imagery
-	Hardware
	-	Large TV or projector (depends on the space)
		-	prefer to use house systems when possible

3. Control area
-	Positioned less than 3m from Staging Area to accomodate cable runs
-	Hardware
	-	desktop computer
		-	USB input from camera
		-	HDMI output to display
	-	computer monitor
		-	need surface to place or mount monitor
	-	computer keyboard
		-	need surface to place or mount keyboard
	-	Game controller


HARDWARE BREAKDOWN
Lighting (2) [can venue provide ?]
Large TV or Projector [can venue provide?]
Table/Desk [can venue provide?]
Chair [can venue provide?]
Webcam
Tripod
Desktop computer
Computer monitor
Computer Keyboard
Game controller
30' USB cable
HDMI cable (length TBD pending venue details)

SETUP/TEARDOWMN
Setup/Teardown takes 30 minutes. I will need to do a technical rehearsal in the space before going live

---

## [2016-09-15 15:29] spirit animal

The bio should open with a first line that encapsulates, as far as possible, what is most significant about the artist and his or her work, rather than opening with biographical tidbits, such as where the artist went to school, grew up, etc. For example: John Chamberlain is best known for his twisting sculptures made from scrap metal and banged up, discarded automobile parts and other industrial detritus.



DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT
A project description in 500 words (max) that includes any collaborative partners and relation to theme "Interface"

Experience an interactive psychedelic journey within a computer interface. Using the DeepDream convolutional neural network algorithm and real-time video feedback, the system turns your image into a vision of its own thought processes--a magic mirror. Questions about DeepDream, the magic mirror setup, and the spirit realm inside the machine are all welcome. Attendees will leave with an understanding of how neural networks may be used for image synthesis

LINKS TO HIGH-RESOLUTION IMAGE(S) OF YOUR ARTIST IMAGE AND YOUR PROPOSED WORK
artist image:
[find a picture you like]

proposed work:
http://www.deepdreamvisionquest.com/

ESTIMATED MATERIALS COST AND TIME
N/A


ARTIST BIOGRAPHY
A 100-200 word bio for publication in press materials

Gary Boodhoo combines videogames, machine learning and interface design to discover ancient images — spirit animals. Born in Jamaica, relocation to the United States provided a crash course in how to construct mythology out of the 1980's. Then computers happened and then Dungeons and Dragons happened. Today he is an industry veteran. He designs and bleeds user interfaces for videogames including The Sims and The Elder Scrolls Online. His work examines the rhythms of emergent behavior in shared digital environments. He lives in San Francisco and develops humane experiences for game studios and other creative clients.


ARTISTIC RESUME
(including past works, exhibitions, commissions, videography (provide a list of videogames, etc)

The Ghost in the Machine Has Many Mansions, 2016
Part of a speaker series on technological rituals
Presented by the Society for Ritual Arts
http://societyforritualarts.com/join-us-on-1219-in-san-francisco-for-the-ghost-in-the-machine-has-many-mansions/

DeepDreamVisionQuest, 2016
presented for the Game Developers Conference 2016, San Francisco
http://schedule.gdconf.com/session/find-your-spirit-animal-in-a-deep-dream-vision-quest

The Elder Scrolls Online, 2015,
A massively multiplayer online roleplaying game
platform: PlayStation 4, XBox One, Windows, OSX
publisher: Bethesda Softworks
developer: Zenimax Online Studios

Zombie Apocalypse, 2009,
An apocalyptic multiplayer shoot-em-up
platforms: PlayStation 3, XBox 360
publisher: Konami
developer: Nihilistic Software

The Sims 3, 2009,
A life simulator game
platform:Windows, OSX
published and developed by Electronic Arts

Star Wars: The Force Unleashed, 2008,
An epic science fiction action-adventure game
platform: PlayStation 3, XBox 360
published and developed by LucasArts

Madden NFL, 2004,
A football simulation game
platform: PlayStation 2, XBox, Windows
published and developed by Electronic Arts



TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
How large is the artwork, size on the wall or floor footprint (metric preferred)? Any technical requirements like wifi or power? How long does it take to set up and break down


DeepDreamVisionQuest space requirements are flexible. It can be run sitting in front of a computer with a webcam. The technology was designed to be used socially so there must tbe room to comfortably observe and participate. There are 3 working areas to consider. Previous exhibits worked best when these areas were in close proximity to one another, with room for the computer and operator off to the side.

1. Staging area for live video capture
-	3.5 square meters
-	Hardware
	-	lighting (2)
		-	prefer to use house lighting when possible
	-	webcam
	-	tripod
	-	chair

2. Display area
-	Requires line of sight to staging area so participants can interact with video imagery
-	Hardware
	-	Large TV or projector (depends on the space)
		-	prefer to use house systems when possible

3. Control area
-	Positioned less than 3m from Staging Area to accomodate cable runs
-	Hardware
	-	desktop computer
		-	USB input from camera
		-	HDMI output to display
	-	computer monitor
		-	need surface to place or mount monitor
	-	computer keyboard
		-	need surface to place or mount keyboard
	-	Game controller


HARDWARE BREAKDOWN
Lighting (2) [can venue provide ?]
Large TV or Projector [can venue provide?]
Table/Desk [can venue provide?]
Chair [can venue provide?]
Webcam
Tripod
Desktop computer
Computer monitor
Computer Keyboard
Game controller
30' USB cable
HDMI cable (length TBD pending venue details)

SETUP/TEARDOWMN
Setup/Teardown takes 30 minutes. I will need to do a technical rehearsal in the space before going live

---

## [2016-09-15 15:29] deepdreamvisionquest

The bio should summarize the artist’s practice—including medium(s), themes, techniques, and influences

mediums
photography
videogames
sound design
performance art

themes
the alien in the familiar, the familiar in the alien
the language of the spirit
Mythology and storytelling
Emptiness

---

## [2016-09-15 15:29] spirit animal

The bio should summarize the artist’s practice—including medium(s), themes, techniques, and influences

mediums
photography
videogames
sound design
performance art

themes
the alien in the familiar, the familiar in the alien
the language of the spirit
Mythology and storytelling
Emptiness

---

## [2016-09-15 15:29] deepdreamvisionquest

Anyone or anything that has influenced the artist’s artworks.

Any education or training in the field of art

Any related experience in the field of art

A summary of the artist’s artistic philosophy

Any artistic insights or techniques that are employed by the artist

---

## [2016-09-15 15:29] spirit animal

Anyone or anything that has influenced the artist’s artworks.

Any education or training in the field of art

Any related experience in the field of art

A summary of the artist’s artistic philosophy

Any artistic insights or techniques that are employed by the artist

---

## [2016-09-16 14:43] eso

started doing some cleanup/refinement to landing page

javascript:$('(data-label="site-title")').css('letterspacing', '2px');throw new Error();
javascript:$('(data-label="site-title"),(data-label="T0-header")').css('letter-spacing', '2px');throw new Error();

---

## [2016-09-16 19:00] eso

some extensive cleanup on T1 content block, created as master object

---

## [2016-09-17 01:14] deepdreamvisionquest

After all, the computer trained on pictures all humans understand. We train them by showing them many examples of what we want them to learn.

---

## [2016-09-17 01:14] spirit animal

After all, the computer trained on pictures all humans understand. We train them by showing them many examples of what we want them to learn.

---

## [2016-09-19 07:01] eso

pushed current to webserver
page pkg color continues to be a variable I'm not sure about. black on black

---

## [2016-09-19 07:17] eso

art meeting 11:30

---

## [2016-09-19 07:38] eso

continue cleanup on landing page
- create JIRA task: standardize layout for dev
- sidebar
- T0 feature area


continue cleanup on the news page
- create JIRA task: standardize layout for dev
- T2 news tile content
- reposition sidebar under T2 content
- archive grid
- more news interaction

---

## [2016-09-19 09:20] eso

further refinement of the menu - flattened the logo
page detailing more consistent - more confident
met w art team and reviewed patcher design

---

## [2016-09-19 09:56] eso

added links to home from site menu

---

## [2016-09-19 12:19] eso

cleaned up JIRA and added BAM tasks

---

## [2016-09-19 18:08] eso

I'm working on the sidebar. integrating real banner ads into it to test scalability

---

## [2016-09-19 19:00] eso

done w the sidebar for the moment

LANDING PAGE
- clean up/format Twitter feed
- update content layout landing page
	-	see what video looks like ahead of News
	-	T2 story tile (x2)
	-	T2 story list (show 5 items)
- cleanup format of T0 feature

NEWS PAGE
-	show T2 story tiles in sidebar area
-	push sidebar content down
-	reformat news list + MORE interaction to use T2 item list (show 10 items)
-	reformat news archive control
	-	study existing wordpress implementations in the wild

ARCHIVE RESULTS
-	update format T2 story list
-	add sidebar

BUY CROWNS
-	update onPageLoad actions
-	reformat Content Matrix for consistency
-	find a device to make text less floaty

---

## [2016-09-19 19:10] eso

before moving on to BAM work:

complete
- single post page
- page footer

---

## [2016-09-20 10:09] eso

doing some more work on the sidebar
- clean up/format Twitter feed
- cleanup format of T0 feature
- update content layout landing page
	-	see what video looks like ahead of News
	-	T2 story tile (x2)
	-	T2 story list (show 5 items)

---

## [2016-09-20 10:48] eso

x	doing some more work on the sidebar
- 	clean up/format Twitter feed
- 	cleanup format of T0 feature
- 	update content layout landing page
	-	see what video looks like ahead of News
	-	T2 story tile (x2)
	-	T2 story list (show 5 items)

adding share labels to news lists - will add interaction later - onhover reveals FB & Twitter icons

---

## [2016-09-20 12:36] eso

x	doing some more work on the sidebar
x 	clean up/format Twitter feed
- 	cleanup format of T0 feature
x	update content layout landing page
	NO	see what video looks like ahead of News
	x	T2 story tile (x2)
	-	T2 story list (show 5 items)
-	add shares label to news list and tile

---

## [2016-09-20 12:36] eso

x	cleanup format of T0 feature
x	T2 story list (show 5 items)
x	add share label to news list and tile
x	remove descriptions from video posts on landing page

NEWS PAGE
x	reformat news list
-	redo SHOW MORE interaction (show an additional 10 items)
-	reformat news archive control
x	replace proxy T1 news tiles w master

ARCHIVE RESULTS
-	update format T2 story list
x	add default sidebar
-	UX pass on sidebar config for archive pages

BUY CROWNS
-	update onPageLoad actions
-	reformat Content Matrix for consistency
-	make text blocks less floaty

---

## [2016-09-20 12:55] eso

added sidebar configuration to news page and news archive page
quick test inserting a T2 news panel above the sidebar config on the news page
pushed changes to webserver

---

## [2016-09-20 18:11] eso

standardized button design. inserted into site menu and T0 content

---

## [2016-09-21 00:20] eso

continuing to format the T0 header block
x	doing some more work on the sidebar
- 	clean up/format Twitter feed
- 	cleanup format of T0 feature
- 	update content layout landing page
	-	see what video looks like ahead of News
	-	T2 story tile (x2)
	-	T2 story list (show 5 items)

adding share labels to news lists - will add interaction later - onhover reveals FB & Twitter icons

---

## [2016-09-21 01:54] eso

NEWS PAGE
-	redo SHOW MORE interaction (show an additional 10 items)
-	reformat news archive control

ARCHIVE RESULTS
-	update format T2 story list
-	UX pass on sidebar config for archive pages

BUY CROWNS
-	update onPageLoad actions
-	reformat Content Matrix for consistency
-	make text blocks less floaty

resized archive content matrix and wondered if it should go above the news feed (no) or in the sidebar (no). Its at the right place where it is now. Great work session today - transformative.
pushing current state to webserver

---

## [2016-09-21 02:09] eso

looking at the site on the ZOS laptop is a much narrower viewport than desktop. Color values look solid on the crappy screen - in fact they looked pretty good in the photo I captured on my phone. It holds up but need to adjust some spacing.
-	the letterspacing of the T1 Feature is too wide
-	the sidebar promo links are too close together

---

## [2016-09-21 11:10] eso

What would it take to do a "site takeover" during the stakeholder review next week?
I press a key and initiate the taeover
Which is a full screen panel, it has my picture or something clever/cool
It has the text
I want you to love this
I will help you build it


<div class='modelo-wrapper'> <iframe src="https://beta.modelo.io/embedded/VvHKh8vT-n?viewport=false&autoplay=false" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" mozallowfullscreen webkitallowfullscreen allowfullscreen ></iframe> <p style="font-size: 13px; font-weight: normal; margin: 10px 10px 10px 0; color:  666666;"> Modelo house by Modelo DemoAccount<a href="http://www.modelo.io?utm_source=embed&utm_medium=embedfooter&utm_campaign=model%20embed%20footer" target="_blank" style="display: inline-block; margin-left: 6px; padding-left: 6px; border-left: 1px solid  e2e2e2; color:  e8776f; cursor: pointer; text-decoration: none;">Modelo »</a> </p> </div>

---

## [2016-09-21 11:41] eso

holy shit
I've embedded a proof of concept webgl iframe into the T0 header area
It sucks and its amazing at once!!!
sending this along to Marc, Jared, Doug

javascript:$('(data-label="3D").css('width', '100%');throw new Error();

---

## [2016-09-21 12:25] eso

pushing update to webserver

---

## [2016-09-21 12:31] eso

NEWS PAGE
x	reformat news archive control

ARCHIVE RESULTS
-	update format T2 story list (needs section headers)
-	UX pass on sidebar config for archive pages
	-	popular, related, gallery, curated

BUY CROWNS
-	update onPageLoad actions
-	replace Content Matrix header with dropdown
-	reformat Content Matrix for consistency
-	make text blocks less floaty

SIDEBAR
-	insert Doug's new banner ads into sidebar
-	create gallery content block
	-	Fan Art
	-	Concept Art

---

## [2016-09-21 18:16] eso

getting back into it for worksession 2
tweaked text format in T0 panel a bit

---

## [2016-09-22 14:27] eso

I need to get some material stubbed in for the account page to start with.

---

## [2016-09-22 15:00] eso

collecting Account management screenshots
observing the flow of navigation

---

## [2016-09-22 17:44] eso

continuing to research account management scenarios

site menu needs these options
Buy Crowns
Become a Member
Player Guides
Home (return to Game Hub - The Landing Page)

---

## [2016-09-22 19:25] eso

ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT
-	create new instance of site menu with these primary options
	-	ESO
	-	My Account
	-	Guides
	-	Join ESO PLUS
	-	Buy Crowns

-	add authenticated username and sign out prompt anchored to menu right edge
	-	existing SIGN IN and CREATE ACCOUNT prompts dont need to be there
		-	oh I see why they were placed there - its an antipattern. but currently if you are redirected to the digital storefront, you get placed in BAMs pocket universe and you need a way to get to the other pocket universes. The sign in and create account prompts both take you to the account page. Its just more direct to have the links say "ACCOUNT" as it does everywhere else

SITE MENU
-	change "Home" to "ESO"
-	change "Membership" to "Join ESO Plus"
	-	add ourobouros gfx?

---

## [2016-09-22 20:59] eso

Finished mapping out some basic scenarios to validate menu replacement scheme.

Seems legit
The ZOS storefront is removed as a destination - all purchases are routed through these pages:

BUY ESO
-	XBOX
	-	retailer storefront
-	PLAYSTATION
	-	retailer storefront
-	PC/MAC
	-	retailer storefront (basic edition)
	-	ZOS storefront

JOIN ESO PLUS
	-	xbox storefront
	-	playstation storefront
	-	ZOS storefront

BUY CROWNS
	-	xbox storefront
	-	playstation storefront
	-	ZOS storefront

---

## [2016-09-22 22:02] eso

integrated duplicate of site menu on new account page and hooked up the scrolling interactions

---

## [2016-09-22 22:23] eso

-	add authenticated username and sign out prompt anchored to menu right edge
	-	existing SIGN IN and CREATE ACCOUNT prompts dont need to be there

---

## [2016-09-22 22:56] eso

For presentation tomorrow:
Goals:
1. Demonstrate consistent navigation between the game hub and the BAM silos
2.
3.

ZOS STOREFRONT PRODUCT PAGE
x	create proxy page
x	link to this from Buy Crowns PC option

FORUM PAGE
- create proxy Forum Page and replace menu

SUPPORT PAGE
- create proxy Support Page and replace menu

NEWS PAGE
-	remove the dropdown I added to new list header
-	move category select blocks directly underneath list header

SITE MENU
x	change "Membership" to "Join ESO Plus"
-	fix bug in menu that prevents accounts/forums/support from being selectable when menu is collapsed

---

## [2016-09-23 00:37] eso

created Storefront product page. Running through the navigation felt good

---

## [2016-09-23 08:41] eso

constructing Forum page

---

## [2016-09-23 08:54] eso

finished constructing forum page

---

## [2016-09-23 09:07] eso

updated JIRA, as it may come up as supplementary material during review

---

## [2016-09-23 09:19] eso

update top menu forum links to point to forums
do the same to point to Support page

---

## [2016-09-23 09:50] eso

Presentation Notes
Goals:
1.	Demonstrate consistent navigation between the game hub and the BAM silos
2.	Demonstrate possibilities for story telling in hero img
3.	Demonstrate modularity/scalability of content blocks
4.	Demonstrate how the design supports:
	-	purchasing crowns
	-	purchasing membership
	-	emphasizing social
4.	Get team buy in for visual design as final (obvs there will be low-level feedback)
6.	Discuss responsive layout strategy
7.	Revisit plan to do creative implementation in staging environment
5.	I will help you build it - extend contract


P1	fix bug in menu that prevents accounts/forums/support from being selectable when menu is collapsed
P2	remove the dropdown I added to new list header
P2	move category select blocks directly underneath list header
P3	add Guides entry to menu

---

## [2016-09-23 10:24] eso

updating menu event handlers on support page

---

## [2016-09-23 10:40] eso

completed support page
pushing current state to webserver to validate there

---

## [2016-09-26 06:55] eso

-	setup stakeholder review for(Friday)
-	update task list and estimates
-	capture screenshots of finalized work
-	1 on 1 email:
	-	Steve Perkins
	-	Jon Lander
	-	Jo Burba
	-	Matt Firor
	-	Rich Lambert
	-	Jared Carr
	-	Colby
-	think about support material for stakeholder presentation
	-	site takover demo to self-promote

---

## [2016-09-26 08:05] eso

thinking it may be safest to remove any 3D content from the prototype before sharing w execs. In order to minimize any chance of error

---

## [2016-09-26 08:18] eso

updating deliverables spreadsheet

---

## [2016-09-26 11:46] eso

Finished updating deliverables spreadsheet and called out mobile design

Hi Steve,

Here is the ESO-PLATFORM UX project status. We'll be going over this work live in the prototype at a stakeholder review later this week. My contract ends this month. We are at a point where we can build this for real. I welcome the opportunity to direct, evaluate and triage the implementation. Can I count on your support?


Solutions
Greater visibility to conversions (Buy Game, Buy Crowns, Join ESO Plus)
Greater visibility to social (feeds, sharing, ESO Live)
Improved Purchase flow (Buy Crowns)
Universal Navigation (integrates BAM, CS, Forums)
Stronger visual identity
Simplicity and scalability for future use (easier to build for)
Increased readability
Workflow Improvements
Began and ended the conversation about "what finished looks like" (it looks like the prototype, screenshots attached)
Introduced live prototyping methods as a design tool for consensus-building and transparency
Worked with IT to setup webserver and version control to support prototyping
Worked with IT, Dev and Production to invent an agile approach to site implementation, with focus on integrating with the new APE CMS tool and live game data as we build
Mobile (These issues also visible on the desktop when browser window is resized)
Mobile designs were previously touched upon, but emerged as a scope-able priority when the design finalized. The redesign accommodates scalability as a core principle, but lacks appropriate layout patterns. Our current support for mobile isn't completely thought through and misses out on certain navigational, readability and commercial goals.

Prototype
http://webdev-uidesign001.z10.zenimaxonline.com/ax_landingpage/landingpage_right-aligned.html
(requires Google Chrome)

---

## [2016-09-26 13:36] eso

William B put together a draft of a dev plan for building the site. I'm cleaning that up and adding content to include w my status report

---

## [2016-09-27 07:51] eso

I've put William B's data into a spreadsheet and addied datapoints to it. Finishing that up to send out to the group
Following that, will work on the page footer, and fix the menu bug that prevents BAM links from being selectable when scrolled

---

## [2016-09-27 10:40] eso

sent out review notes to stakehol;ders in advance of Friday meeting. Will have more fleshed out by then.
Getting back into design - seeing if I can fix that menu bug

---

## [2016-09-27 11:27] eso

getting there

---

## [2016-09-27 11:33] eso

fixed it - also opens up interactions on for buy now and bethesda/ZOS links on the left side

---

## [2016-09-27 11:57] eso

great - the main site menu is working. duplicating across BAM menus then will push changes

---

## [2016-09-27 13:10] eso

machine crashed - the heat? recovered. Account menu is working now
-	Support menu
x	Forums menu
-	Push to web

---

## [2016-09-27 16:22] eso

started another worksession

---

## [2016-09-27 17:43] eso

pushed menu fix to webserver. working on page footer now

---

## [2016-09-27 18:07] eso

as example of 3D content, point out what LoL is currently doing with site overlay before you hit the landing page (looping movie clip - pre-rendered)

---

## [2016-09-28 07:51] eso

continuing work on page footer

---

## [2016-09-28 11:21] eso

continuing work on page footer. don;'t be so precious about it.
also add a control at the bottom of the page that scrolls back to the top (circle w up arrow)

---

## [2016-09-28 12:38] eso

getting there

---

## [2016-09-28 15:11] eso

finishing base design, adding cookie warning overlay (pinned to landing page bottom until closed)

---

## [2016-09-28 15:56] eso

added footer menu update to all pages
x push to webserver
x update JIRA
x update task tracking spreadsheet

---

## [2016-09-28 16:24] eso

P2	Create simple hover/click/message interaction for editorial share
P1	Update Archived Results Page layout
P1	Single page post
	-	Create stub page for linking

---

## [2016-09-28 17:16] eso

find myself on buy crowns page - trying some layout changes based on prior feedback. turning the list tabs into a sdropdown instead.

---

## [2016-09-28 22:08] eso

spent more time on buy crowns than expected. IO think the dropdown is a good idea, but the visual refinement is a bit of an unknown

---

## [2016-09-29 09:31] eso

P1 single post page
P1 import existing buy crowns layout into current project
P2 cleanup archive results page
P3 edit buy crowns page

---

## [2016-09-29 15:04] eso

starting woprksession. I've analyzed the content and structure of existing single post page and am doing quick comparison to other properties as well, so I can get a list of things to include in the layout

---

## [2016-09-29 17:02] eso

Title
Timestamp
Tag
Author
Sharing Badges
Hero Image
Leading paragraph

(sample layout)
	-	paragraph
	-	callout
	-	quotation
	-	image 1-up
	-	image 2-up

Discussion Prompt

(sidebar1)
T2 Feature Posts (tiles)
Follow us
Related Posts (list)
Sales

---

## [2016-09-29 17:50] eso

layout tweaks to Buy Crowns page
starting layout for single post page

---

## [2016-09-29 21:16] eso

page layout coming along well, done in an hour

javascript:$('(data-label="archivetable")').css('text-transform', 'uppercase');throw new Error();

---

## [2016-09-29 21:33] eso

Which is more important when viewing a single post:L
Featured Stories?
Related Stories?

---

## [2016-09-29 21:54] eso

continuing work on single post page. realized when looking at Ars Technica site that I was missing prev/next story controls from earlier analysis. Ars has excellent mobile UX, the closer I look. On mobile site, scrolling down collapses the menu, and the logo become anchor for prev/next controls - always aticking at top of page for ez access

---

## [2016-09-29 22:36] eso

looking at sharing badge widget interaction (simple)

---

## [2016-09-29 22:49] eso

created simple share badge interaction.
raises some questions - does showing number of times something has been shared influence its future sharing (assumed yes). So what if there are zero shares?

---

## [2016-09-29 23:54] eso

pushed updates to webserver, noticing something flakiy with the menu collapsing behavior on the single page post - maybe variable needs to be reset on page load?

x	Single Post page
	x	Add related posts list to sidebar
	x	cleanup sidebar

P3	Additional single page posts
	-	prev/next navigation

P1	Archive Results Page
	-	cleanup layout

P2	Buy Crowns
	-	cleanup layout
	-	reconnect interactions to context matrix

AGENDA
	-	Summarize design pillars
	-	present website prototype
	-	present Patcher prototype
	-	UX task list
	-	Development Plan worksheet
		-	Go through meeting notes to discuss staging plan

OUTCOME

---

## [2016-09-30 08:34] eso

Finishing up single page post
If plausible will do 2 more pages to demonstrate prev/next nav and format of different content
Leave time to review the materials you'll be presenting - design freeze at 12p

---

## [2016-09-30 09:02] eso

finished single page post layout

---

## [2016-09-30 09:44] eso

looking at scrolling bug on single post page

---

## [2016-09-30 10:35] eso

fixing that bug on all pages
slight modification to Follow ESO sidebar

---

## [2016-09-30 10:52] eso

adding share interaction to editorial on other pages

---

## [2016-09-30 11:19] eso

cleaned up text format on single post page. Need to link all editorial to this destination and move on to other cleanup

---

## [2016-09-30 12:24] eso

completed archive results page

---

## [2016-09-30 12:37] eso

sorta have the content matrix dropdown on Buy Crowns working - its rough but should demonstrate the intent better thahn before
just need to edit the labels, to read proper crown values

---

## [2016-09-30 12:50] eso

ready to review
pushing changes to server

---

## [2016-09-30 12:55] eso

Meeting Notes

AGENDA
	-	Summarize design pillars
	-	present website prototype
	-	present Patcher prototype
	-	UX task list
	-	Development Plan worksheet
		-	Go through meeting notes to discuss staging plan

OUTCOME
- stakeholder consensus
- Renew contract

---

