# Raw Entries for June 2016

**Total Entries:** 111
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2016-06-01 07:49] eso

getting ready for comparitive analysis presentation

News

statement: I analyzed several game sites to understand how different types of content were deployed to meet customer experience goals. These categories are broad.

Fanservice
-	editorial content describing back story and gameplay mechanics
-	useful for onboarding
Promotion
-	editorial content used to promote existing or upcoming products
-	for existing products this should be followed by a call to action (to buy now)
-	for upcoming products, this may serve as a lead in for Fanservice
Shopping
-	purchase of digital assets, physical assets or various entitlements
Customer Service
-	provides information and functionality to meet the needs of various customers
	-	change languag
Account management
-	provides a direct relationship between customers and and the business
Community
-	user generated content
-	promotional content dedicated for users

---

## [2016-06-02 11:06] eso

meeting w Luke Samuels sysadmin
He is getting me setup with weblog access
ZOS uses a system called Splunk to generate reports from EngineX logging (its a webserver)

put in a ticket w the NOC requesting access to Splunk in the datacenter
require access to query ZOS web for UX work
reference Luke Samuels for further info
create subtask to identify SPLUNK setup

---

## [2016-06-06 07:35] eso

collating Web/patcher/BAM requirements and redirecting as common user stories

GOAL
UI audit leads to
1. what we should do
2. the order in which we should do it
3. what metrics do we currently use to track these user stories


We want players to buy crowns
How do we measure how many crowns players are buying?

Lots of different touchpoints with customers and community
-	what are the touch points? (list them)
-	touch points need to be consistent with messaging, terms

The Patcher
-	Matt Firor really doen't like it
-	He feels it looks dated, like something from the 90's
-	bigger text
-	is trying to do too much in a small space, looks muddled
	-	Eliminate news feed
	-	Patch
	-	Play
	-	Marketing message
- Likes the clean look of the Bethesda launcher
	-	resembbles in-game idiom better
	-	aligns with visual design of website
-	Opportunities
	-	customize look for users
		-	ESO members vs. Customers
	-	better readouts and messaging for when the servers go down

---

## [2016-06-06 10:49] eso

mindmapping it first
trying new tool called MapView, which has better export options than mind manager

---

## [2016-06-06 11:26] eso

attempting to login to my account (I dont remember my username or password)
I feel like I've left the site and gone somewhere else
ok I got my userid by email
	-	what if this hadnt been the email I signed up with?
		-	There's non-actionable text in the Forgot UserID dialog "I did not recieve a confirmation email"
		-	I can request re-send
		-	I should be provided an option to speak w customer support (phone/email)
ok I got my reset password message by email
	-	same issues as userID. need connection here to customer support
visual identity of the Password Reset/UserID emails doesn't match the brand
	-	it should
Reset Password page fails when I entered invalid new password. Should I click on the email link again?
OK looks like the page reloaded
Entire Account Flow feels disconnected from ESO. It feels like a 3rd party is providing these services
I was given a confirmation email that my password reset was a success
-	I feel like this shouldnt be phrased as a congratulations, but rather as a notification that this activity has occurred
It's not really obvious how I should get back to the elderscrollsonline.com site from the Account management site - clicking on the game logto doesn't take me anywhere
If I dig around I can get to a couple of desitinations
- the Zenimax studio site
- the Bethsoft store
- A game FAQ site
I literally had to open the gamesite by entering the URL myself

---

## [2016-06-06 12:01] eso

I want to buy the PC game
Easy enough to purchase, but I feel that I've been redirected to a 3rd party site
Similar issues - I'm not able to easily return to the elderscrollsonline.com In this case, I just used the Back buttonb to get to where I'd been
Should I get a membership plan? I don't feel like the PC title is selling it very hard. Text laytout is confusing to read, likely that I wont read it at all
Purchase flow for the PC flow is very mixed up. Why should I purchase the Imperial Edition. I have to go somewhere else to find out.
The VPN connection is very slow at the moment and these page loads are taking a long time

---

## [2016-06-06 12:14] eso

"Elder Scrolls Online Japanese Launch" - returns stories from 3rd parties, hostile forum messages from ESO domain

---

## [2016-06-06 12:19] eso

Agenda
Reviewing a scoped and prioritized list of stakeholder use-cases.

Dont do a deep dive into research. The deliverable should be mind map of your notes and spreadsheet of use cases




As a customer I want to redeem registration codes
As a customer I want to update any of my account credentials easily
As a new customer I want to be directed to the Xbox or Playstation Web storefront as a digital purchase option
As a customer I want to know how to dispute a charge on my account


I want to watch ESO live, where do I find that?

I want to see the site in a different language
ZOS wants customers to have access to terms of service and provacy policy. its the law
I need contact information for customer support
-	BAM links to Bethsoft site, which requires age verification date entry
-	we could just show the relevant info instead of linking, its not a secret

---

## [2016-06-06 12:26] eso

getting ready to chat w Heather Powers
agenda
what's missing
who isnt being heard
what are we selling
current pain points
opportunities to add value

Observations
the account management, and PC game stores feel like entirely different destinations than elderscrollsonline.com, even worse, its not possible to get back to the main site once you've arrived in this other "silo" without pressing back, or re-entering the URL
Poor job of marketing imperial edition and ESO Plus membership for PC customers (who are the hardcore customers)
Zenimax Twitch CHannel is out dated, current shows promo for Thieves Guild


The way that everything works together doesn't work together
There's so much of the MMO space we havent reached
Thinking about social media management is a new idea at ZOS
Ease of updating
Prioritized content, some is more important or relevant than others

Focus on selling things as a live service
layout could be more like a dashboard
perhaps like a deck of microsites
"the gateways between related areas make it expensive to implement and track marketing agendas"
ESO is  2 MMO (by size) in western world, yet it is regularly overheard - is that game still alive?

---

## [2016-06-06 14:02] eso

free associating more user stories:

Why should I buy the Imperial Edition?
Why are there so many ways to return to the home page?
I want to read about the latest game release (DLC)
I just read about The Dark Brotherhood where do I buy it

When I buy Crown Packs I feel like I'b being taken to a 3rd party site and I have to think about how to return to where Its frustrating to see Crown Store Items that I can't purchase
Why is a full featured Crown Store included on the site?
I want to know what's new on the crown store
I want to know if there are limited time offers on the Crown Store

I've heard about different game events that run from time to time, how do I participate?
I want to see a calendar of game events so I can decide to participate ahead of time
What's coming up on ESO Live? Is there a calendar?

What are Crowns?
Why should I become an ESO Member?
What is the benefit of having a larger crafting inventory?
Why is a 10% experience gain valuable?
Why should I care about a crafting inspiration gain, I'm not even sure what that is
More gold always sounds good, what can I do with it?
I want to be able to see relevant information at a glance instead of going somewhere else
As an art director I want for web properties to reflect the visual language of the game
As an art director, I don't want to cover hero images with text
As an art director I want to communicate using consistent typography
As a customer I want to be informed where I'm looking instead of an external page
As a customer, I'm accustomed to scrolling. I prefer it to paging
As a customer I expect the sections of a website to share a uniform style

---

## [2016-06-06 15:19] eso

external entry points from Console:
-	Customer Service menu points player for further info to help.elderscrollsonline.com
-	Terms of Service points player to accounts.elderscrollsonline.com

As a gamer and a customer there are too many things to look at, I always feel like I might be missing something
As a business I want top level site navigation to relate to my business goals
As a customer I like it when the navigation stays the same in different parts of the site
As a customer who has signed in, I want to know that I am signed in at all times
As a content creator I need a structured method for authoring microsite content
As a new customer I expect to buy the game after reading promotional content

As a gamer I cant find anything in the media section
As a customer I feel the prompt to "check out items in the crown store" is disingenuous. I can't act on it.
As a gamer I cant read long form editorial comfortably. The text and layout are hard to read
As a gamer when I'm reading long form content I dont want to be distracted by other content

As a customer it confused me that when I read a guide the site menu tells me I'm reading the news. Where am I?

As a content creator I want microsite content to use shared navigation
As a new customer I can't read the game overview. Its hard to read.
As an art director when I use big images they need room to breathe. Its geometry.

As an art director I expect external properties to share common visual characteristics

As a content creator I expect content to be easily readable on an iPhone
As a customer I expect to navigate media galleries on my iphone by swiping through it
As a customer I find it hard to navigate long lists as a grid
As a customer I find it exhausting to page through long lists of content, let me scroll instead
As a fan its not easy to find historical content
As a fan I need a way to share ESO editorial content with my social network(s)
As a customer I expect to be able to buy any version of the game in the Store
As a gamer I want to see the current leaderboards and emperor
As a gamer, I want fun and practical tools available on the site
As a producer I want a shared Splunk dashboard with flexible reporting to validate design goals
As a customer I want to see activity from my social networks on the site, its news to me
As a gamer I want my forum account to be more flexible - linked to FB, User Account or Email
As a twitch user I want to see the channel streamlined to access ESO live content by index
As a twitch user I want to see current promotional material
As a customer I want a single destination for gamne purchase
As a returning customer I want to personalize the site
As a content creator I want to create content from a template
As a new customer I want to understand what the game can offer me
As a new customer when I choose buy now I expect to be offered the best edition of the game
As a content creator I need a diagram of the update cycle
As a new customer I want to buy the PC game as easily as the console game
As a new customer I don't want to create an account so I can purchase the game
As a new customer I don't mind answering a few questions about setting up an account while I wait for the Patcher to download
As a new customer I don't mind answering a few questions about setting up an account when I first launch the Patcher
As a new customer a New Player guide is useful reference (this material currently exists on a forum post)
As a customer/visitor I want to hide any system alerts when they appear
As a customer/vistor to the Forums I want to sort forum listings by the provided headers
As a customer/visitor to the Forums I want to scroll through long listings instead of paging through them
As a customer/vistor to the Forums I want to share with my other social networks
As a customer I want to be able to change my account password any time I want to
As a customer I don't understand why I should buy Crowns until I've played the game for a while
As a customer I would understand the value of membership if the benefits were surfaced as Products

---

## [2016-06-06 17:12] eso

FInished gathering raw material for user stories
Collating now

---

## [2016-06-06 23:32] eso

Still working on collating user stories need to postpone tomorrows presentation to Wed. Not ready to present

---

## [2016-06-06 23:40] eso

just purchased PC retail game

---

## [2016-06-07 07:12] eso

SPLUNK access is in the IT workflow, pending.

---

## [2016-06-07 07:13] eso

picking work back up on the User Stories
meeting with Community later
postponed review of user stories until tomorrow

---

## [2016-06-07 09:57] eso

meeting with the community team
- what are the challenges they are facing
- describe the outreach they are involved with
- how do the relationships they form with customers affect the game
- Who owns the facebook group, twitter feed
- Who owns the Twitch page
- How do they measure the impact of their outreach efforts
- What have they been wanting to do, but been unable to do

Who am I speaking with: Jessica, Kai, Cory

---

## [2016-06-07 11:58] eso

connected w Colby Robbins who manages Live services
- setup a conversation w him for tomorrow am. stakeholder interview

---

## [2016-06-08 00:30] eso

finished entering data into spreadsheet some time ago
have been organizing the material visually and going over details of my presentation tomorrow afternoon
- clean up presentation excel
- export mind map
- distribute mind map and excel docs to group before meeting (by 11a)
- speak to Colby tomorrow
- new class of user stories may emerge from that (to be added later)

---

## [2016-06-08 12:47] eso

Getting ready to meet with ZOS about the user story matrix I created
The outcome they are really looking for is a prioritized list of things to do
The outcome I am looking for is
-	make the representation more accurate
-	what stories am I missing

To manage expectations mention that these stories server 2 purposes
-	functional requirements
-	basis for wireframes
-	identify larger patterns
-	recognize ownership and scope

When looking at the content matrix
-	point out where multiple actors have overlapping stories
-	point out where stories cluster

Ask:
-	What are the benefits provided by a single sign on

---

## [2016-06-08 14:29] eso

good meeting well received will be receiving feedback in the form of additional use cases from the team
shared material w Matt F and Jon Lander
need to interview Colby

-	Jessica on the content team mentioned not knowing the context of the docs I've presented
-	How can I package my research for exec presentation?
	-	what does that group need to know?
		-	Priorities
		-	Where the opportunities are
		-	pictures & models of the outcome
	-	how would I package it on my portfolio?

- revise JIRA task list
	-	when can you start providing wireframes?
	-	define the value of each of the remaining stories
	-	the experience map
		-	is it what the pictures on the internet said it was?
		-	is it just a clustered view of user stories?

---

## [2016-06-10 10:19] eso

Looking through different Splunk dashboards
https://portal.infra.dfw/
[REDACTED]
[REDACTED]

-	go through JIRA tasks and update
-	What happens next

---

## [2016-06-10 10:56] eso

This is a good way to present findings

CHALLENGE
-	the top 3 customer challenges
SOLUTION
-	the top 3 features that you provide to solve the customer problem
KEY METRICS
-	the top 3 activities that you measure and their measurable goals
UNIQUE VALUE PROPOSITION
-	A single clear and compelling ,essage that explains why your solution is unique and worth buying
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
-	A unique set of strengths tha can not easily be copied
SALES CHANNELS
-	The paths used to reach customers
CUSTOMER SEGMENTS
-	Target customers

---

## [2016-06-10 15:54] eso

collating data from user stories
-	rethink JIRA tasks
-	what's next
-	what do you need
-	what's visible
-	how many can touch it
-	what is the context

---

## [2016-06-10 16:38] eso

Questions for BI
-	I want to create a landing page for crown purchases, how can can I measure the success of this feature?
-	I want to be able to sign in to the website (w FB or create account) whether or not I own the game
	-	So I can use the forums
	-	If I have a game account I want to link it to this same single sign in
	-	Why? Why not?
-	How do I know what the top 10 most read news items are?
-	Which wallpapers have been viewed the most
-	Which videos have been viewed the most?
-	How many times has the user guide in the Forums been read?

---

## [2016-06-10 16:58] eso

Provide recommendations
-	feature ideas to address identified needs
-	graph features by value vs. effort
	-	describe the value
	-	describe how to measure the value
	-	describe the obstacles
	-	(use matrix described above)

---

## [2016-06-12 18:36] eso

Make recommendations for improving the design
-	state the value proposition

how many purchases wee made
how many people visited page but didnt convert
where did it go
revenue before/revenue after
all other metrics speak to why the before and after are different or the same

single sign on
customer visibility over entire site
how many people saw something on the forums
map this to ease of visibility for marketing analysis

what is conversion rate for the points that we do know/look at average loss for points in that flow
does that mean we are losing customers?
difficult to correlate user behaviors with other metrics - are we missing out, where are visitors coming frpom, how many customers visit the site.

-	state the competitive advantage
-	list challenges/dependencies
-	list the

---

## [2016-06-13 07:08] eso

Summarize research
Generate wireframes/flows
Generate mockups for vertical slices of content

Creating new tasks, will speak with Cory about them shortly
Stakeholder interview w Colby later today

Collate UX findings for stakeholder presentation
Document UX improvement strategies for presentation
Stakeholder presentation: UX Improvements, next steps

---

## [2016-06-13 11:30] eso

Met with Cory to flesh out JIRA tasks and to state my intentions for next steps earlier
Met with Colby to ask for advice on how to validate design direction
Created JIRA tasks

---

## [2016-06-13 13:01] eso

Doing some block out work in powerpoint

---

## [2016-06-13 15:11] eso

figuring out how to organize the presentation and what to include
the Live calendar Jo sent me is is good reference for the volume and cadence of contendt production

Also, the  CS dashboard (Splunk) counts the latest incidents over the last n-days
All of this tickets are filed by email sent from the CS menu in the game


The CS Splunk dashboard

---

## [2016-06-13 15:14] eso

Splunk login
https://portal.infra.dfw

username
[REDACTED]

password
[REDACTED]

---

## [2016-06-13 16:08] eso

the case for mobile?
- how many visitors are coming from mobile devices?

Population
- where are visitors coming from and where do they land?

---

## [2016-06-13 17:07] eso

generate raw list of design directions

Unified site navigation
-	constantly being placed in parts of the site where I cant return home
-	place emphasis on menu items that are game-related
-	Use the mobile top menu as a starting point.
-	Fewer options = easier to process
-	Move non-game related items to a secondary footer area
-	Remove all submenus
	-	those options can be exposed at the destination page
	-	Creates an unnatural behavior on my iPhone
-	Persist top-level across all game-related areas of the site
	-	Forums
	-	Account
	-	Support

Unify Typography across all content types

Unify Graphic Thumbnail treatments across all content types
-	Dont cover images with text
	-	hard to read
	-	devalues art direction
	-	limits visual formatting choices
		-	makes all content look the same
	-	Introduce a mini-thumbnail size
	-	Dont always use thumbnails to list editorial content

Rotate the sidebar 90 degrees
-	May work as horizontal structure
	-	reduce dependency on special-case responsive layout for mobile
-	Expose sidebar content as carousel
	-	multiple carousels?
-	Leave room for vertically oriented page content to breath

Unified storefront
-	Sell all game products products the same place
	-	Show me all the ways I can get the game
	-	Direct me to digital downloads first
		-	Steam?
			-	Is it possible to redirect to Steam purchase from Web?
		-	PlayStation Store
		-	XBox Marketplace
-	Sell ESO Plus from a dedicated landing page (minisite)
-	Sell Crowns from a dedicated product page (minisite)
-	Include a BUY NOW prompt in all Promo content including minisites
-	Buy Crowns anywhere

Unified Indexing
-	provide functionality for browsing archives of editorial content (news, media, guides, broadcasts)
	-	browse by subject
	-	browse by date
	-	browse by popularity
-	for Forum Content lists, enable sort by list header
	-	Subject
	-	Author
	-	Replies
	-	Views
	-	Most Recent
-	Allow customization for logged in Fans(?)
	-	custom categories

Infinite Scroll
-	Don't use pagination to organize or navigate content
-	Use a "Load More" prompt to append content to current listing
-	News Archive
-	Media Archive
	-	Media archive already does this
	-	Layout and UX issues

Crowns as a Service
-	Sell Crowns from a dedicated product page (minisite)
-	Provide onboarding for what Crowns are
-	Provide Loot Crate onboarding
-	Show relative value of Crown Packs
-	Buy Crowns for other Players
-	Place Crown Purchase CTA in page footer
-	If I'm signed in, show me my crown balance

Evangelize Community
-	Provide space on the landing page for community content
-	Provide link to ZOS Twitch in page footer
-	Include feeds from ZOS Twitter, Instagram, Facebook
-	Provide exposure to next episode of ESO Live on landing page
-	If a fan wins a contest we run, thats front page news
-	Personalities are Sticky
	-	Editorial, bio and backstory for featured fans
		-	streamers
		-	addon makers
		-	fansite creators
		-	Guilds
	-	Editorial, bio and backstory for public faces of the company
	-	Editorial, bio and backstory for featured devs and staff
-	Make editorial content easy to share on external channels
	-	Provide badges and well-formed share templates for every post
		-	Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest

Community Hub
-	Create a dedicated Community page
-	Includes feeds from ZOS external channels
-	ESO live event calendar
-	Editorial content for next ESO Live
-	Emphasize personalities
	-	Host bios (Jessica, Gina)
	-	Guest bios (devs)
	-	Featured fan bios
-	Emphasize what others are doing with the game
	-	Player surveys
	-	Player Art
	-	Cosplay
-	Provide space to feature any public outreach and appearances
	-	Trade Shows
	-	Guild Summit
	-	Fan Conventions
-	Make content easy to find by indexing it
	-	By event
	-	By year
	-	By person
-	Promote Crown Store Events
-	Guild features

Community Management
-	ESO live content on Twitch needs richer metadata
	-	Title should include name of guest(*s) or subject
	-	Use same video descriptions as YouTube content
-	ESO live content on YouTube needs richer metadata
	-	Title should include name of guest(s) or subject
-	How do we currently police commentary on external channels?
	-	Hate speech
	-	Bullying

Evangelize Onboarding
-	Guides aren't News, categorize them seperately
-	Communicate the intrinsic/extrinsic value of Crowns on a dedicate Crown Pack page
-	All Onboarding should branch out from a single "Player Guides" page
-	Convert New Player Guide found in the Forums into a Quickstart Guide
-	Provide a link to New Player Guide from Patcher
-	Curate and categorize existing guide content
-	Prepare a guide for Loot Crates

Don't replicate Crown Store
-	Unable to act on the content we're currently showing
-	Let's reduce dependency on keeping the web UI in sync with Crown Store
-	Can sell Crown Packs more effectively using other methods
-	Show relevant Store Content only
		-	Special Offers
		-	Crown Events
		-	Arrival of seasonal Loot Crates
-	Use a dedicated "Crowns as a Service" page to communicate value of products
-	Only communicate the value of the products that sell the most


Unified purchase flow
-	Sell all game products using the same purchase flow
-	Don't make me create an account before buying PC game
	-	Let me purchase as guest and request only billing credentials
	-	Follow the model we use for Steam, where a code is provided and entered upon a seperate account creation process
	-	Move the rest of the account flow to after purchase
		-	How does ESO account creation work from Steam Purchase? What is that flow?
		-	ideally this would take place in game as it does on console
	-	Get the game, and get into the game as smoothly as possible.

Unified login
-	Single sign on to the site with Facebook or email authentication
-	Game account is linked to this unified login
-	Single login persists across all site activities
	-	Forums
	-	Customer Service
	-	Account Management
	-	Game Purchase
	-	Crown Purchase
	-	ESO Plus Membership
-	Buy Crowns for other Players

Layout and Visual Language
-	The site is overly dense
-	Overall Typography needs to be reconsidered
	-	Readability suffers for long form content
	-	Type usage is mixed across the platform, needs standardization

Account management anywhere
-	I should be encouraged to sign in to my account
-	Basic account profile should be exposed as a persistent feature
	-	accessible as an overlay
	-	provides common account functions (TBD) for logged in users
		-	Show linked products
		-	Change Password
		-	Account Status
		-	Crown Balance
		-	Visit Account Page
		-	sign in/out

Redesign Game Overview page
-	inconsistent responsive layout
-	readability issues
- 	text competes with images instead of reinforcing
-	mobile usability issues for content in horizontal carousel
-	cluttered at certain sizes
-	updated art direction to match look and feel of the site

Fancy Lightbox
-	Carousel viewer with support for arbitrary content types
	-	images
	-	video
	-	text
	-	HTML wrapper
-	Provide visual affordances for a more tactile experience
	-	show prev/next images in the list when viewport is wide enough to support
	-	show horizontal scrollbar when list animates
-	Support drag to scroll
	-	this is primary navigation method for mobile
-	Includes social badges for sharing to FB, Twitter, Pinterest

Curate Everything
-	Curation allows mixed content types grouped around a theme
-	Grouping by theme makes individual content types stickier
-	Support all Editorial and Media Content types
	-	News
	-	Guides
	-	Deep Dives
	-	Videos
	-	Screenshots
-	Curated content appears in Packages
	-	Unique Name
	-	Unique Banner Image
	-	Unique Thumbnail
	-	Package Description
	-	Curated by (name)
-	Packages have 3 views
	-	line item
	-	thumbnail view
	-	page
-	Create dedicated template for page view

Modern Patcher
-	provides links to onboarding material on elderscrollsonline.com
-	remove news feed
-	Combine launcher and game options into single menu
-	Devote majority screen space to hero imagery
-	Place emphasis on art direction and image quality
	-	This is the first view of the product many users have
-	Reinforce in-game visual language
-	Any Marketing calls to action must point to relevant subject matter


Unified Visual Language
Establish site-wide framing for common page types
Reduce weight of framing system to support modular design
Establish typographical usage standards across all site areas
Change the font
Modular layout grid
Set standard sizes for images used across all site areas
banners
primary feature
secondary feature
list
gallery
thumbnails
Standard placement of controls, such as social badges or navigation widgets
Replace the logo in the page header with non-stacked version or simple mark
The Forum page needs to be restyled to match color scheme and typography of the overall site
Account management and Support pages must share standard site header for navigation

Readability Improvement
-	Not all content needs to be in a box
-	By default, don't cover images with text, place text beneath
-	Establish typographical usage standards across all site areas
-	Don't use Futura font for body text


What about my iphone
Fluid layout improvements
Establish better breakpoint strategies for variable screen widths
Include standard mobile interactions for selection and scrollong
Don't hide Buy Now prompt in a collapsed menu on my iPhone
Reward widescreen views by showing more secondary content

Sticky Interactions
-	Interactive features are a major driver for return visits
	-	World Status
	-	Character Status
	-	Calculators
	-	Toys
		-	GIF-maker
		-	Meme generator
	-	Sort/Filter content listings
	-	Gifting
	-	Sharing
-	Recommend/rate/review fansites that already offer interactive features

---

## [2016-06-14 16:19] eso

working on matching these design goals to the Excel story matrix
refining and aggregating high level goals as I go

---

## [2016-06-14 18:24] eso

still working, its exciting seeing it come together

---

## [2016-06-14 22:38] eso

continuing work on the matrix

---

## [2016-06-15 00:05] eso

done for tonight
x	finish data entry first pass
	x	layout/visual design directives remain undefined
	x	modern patcher remains undefined
-	review data entry create pivot table
-	transfer previous story distribution findings to powerpoint
-	structure powerpoint sections to form chain of inference to conclusions
-	how to structure design directives?
-	create core value statement for each design directive
-	writeup challenges/dependencies for each value statement
-	how can value of directive be measured?
-	next steps
	-	which design directives can be wireframed/prototyped/mocked up
-	are there existing JIRA tasks for any of these directives?

---

## [2016-06-15 10:29] eso

working on the matrix, making good progress

---

## [2016-06-15 13:08] eso

getting started with the pivot table for data entry

Manage Account Anywhere
	-	story
	-	story
Unified Login
	-	story
	-	story

---

## [2016-06-15 15:28] eso

formatted raw data in excel as deliverable
working on pivot table analysis now

---

## [2016-06-15 16:12] eso

Progress

---

## [2016-06-15 17:24] eso

Thinking through what this data communicates
-	which design pillars have the broadest scope
-	which design pillars are supported by the most stories?

---

## [2016-06-16 02:33] eso

Worked late tonight but worth it
1st draft presentation coming alomg nicely
Major omission is Design Initiative section, which I'll have time to complete in the am
Also need to cleanup spreadsheet for distribution

---

## [2016-06-16 07:57] eso

Cleaning up findings in powerpoint

---

## [2016-06-16 08:24] eso

Finished cleaning up existing
-	add design direction notes to Powerpoint
-	cleanup master spreadsheet

---

## [2016-06-16 09:13] eso

A Fan is anyone who visits the site. Maybe they’re a customer, maybe not.
A New Customer is someone who is purchasing, or has just purchased the game
An Owner is an existing customer who has purchased the game and created an account
A Designer is a stakeholder who is responsible for visual language and continuity
A Producer is a stakeholder who writes, curates or schedules content
The Business role is a generic term for measurable stakeholder business interests

---

## [2016-06-16 09:47] eso

Ready to review
Time enough to send out amterials prior to meeting?
	-	Would be better to send out Design pillars as a Word Doc
	-	Need more time to color code spreadsheet

---

## [2016-06-16 10:00] eso

Meeting notes



- will send deck, microsoft word doc with Design Pillars and spreadsheet this afternoon after some cleanup
- create JIRA task for doc cleanup

modify language - don't use "engage" when you're speaking to pain points and interaction
probvide visual examples when possible
measurable outcome

let execs understand business value of the findings
make a list of vertical slices I can wireframe now

make more
spend less
acquire new users
convert

speak w Jo Burba about how to communicate business va

make a list of vertical slices I can wireframe now

---

## [2016-06-16 17:14] eso

preparing materials to send out to ZOS
incorporating some of the meeting feedback
- check to see if exec review can be pushed back to Thursday or the next week, I need additional time for cleanup and iteration



want to find
expect to navigate better
want to share
need tools
want to view
want to find
want to share



Fans don't know what's going on in their community.
Fans aren't encouraged to share with the community

Its hard for Fans to find and navigate content
Its hard for Fans to find and navigate content

want to redeem code anywhere
whe

---

## [2016-06-17 08:53] eso

still preparing material to send out to ZOS in a few hours. Summarizing my findings is taking a while

---

## [2016-06-17 09:43] eso

Owners of the game aren’t encouraged to manage their accounts

---

## [2016-06-17 10:06] eso

As a Fan I want more flexibility how I register to use the Forums
As a Fan visiting the Forums I want to sort forum listings by the provided headers
As a Fan I want to see what other Fans are doing
As a Fan I want to find older content more easily
As a Fan I want to share the content I find
As a Fan visiting the Forums I want to scroll through long listings instead of paging through them
As a Fan I want to watch ESO live, where do I find that?
As a Fan I need to know when special game events are  scheduled to happen
As a Fan I want to learn more about popular people who play the game as well

---

## [2016-06-17 10:14] eso

adding some edits to the spreadsheet
need to re-add some of the tables to powerpoint doc

---

## [2016-06-17 12:08] eso

Community
As a Business we need to increase the visibility of Community outreach
As a Fan I need to know when special game events are  scheduled to happen
As a Fan I want more flexibility how I register to use the Forums
As a Fan I want to find older content more easily
As a Fan I want to learn more about popular people who play the game as well
As a Fan I want to see what other Fans are doing
As a Fan I want to share the content I find
As a Fan I want to watch ESO live, where do I find that?
As a Fan visiting the Forums I want to scroll through long listings instead of paging through them
As a Fan visiting the Forums I want to sort forum listings by the provided headers
As an Owner I expect for my account login to enroll me in the Forums
As a Producer I want people to engage with the content I post on external channels
As a Producer I want the New Player Guide to be a destination that other channels link to

Navigation
As a Designer I don't want items in a grid to show text on top of the images
As a Designer I expect all areas of the site to share a common visual design
As a Designer I prefer not to cover images with text unless it makes the content easier to read
As a Designer I want to present content so that it easy to share
As a Designer I want to reduce the amount of navigation and emphasize real content
As a Designer I want to replace all paged navigation with progressive scrolling
As a Designer I want to set standards for image sizes across the site
As a Designer I want to set standards for typography across the site
As a Designer when I use big images they need room to breathe. Its geometry
As a Fan I don't mind signing in if doing so lets me customize the way I engage with the site
As a Fan I rely upon all areas of the site to share common navigation
As a Producer I rely upon all areas of the site to share common navigation

Shopping
As a Business we need to incentivize Crown purchases by providing services not available in-game
As a Business we need to make Crown Purchase available from anywhere on the site
As a Business we need to offer digital download of the console game through first party web storefronts
As a Business we need to provide New Customers with better comparisons of membership vs ownership
As a Business we should guide players to make the Best purchase by default
As a Business we want to reduce the number of steps it takes to purchase the game
As a Business we would like to get New Customers in the game as soon as possible
As a Fan I expect to find a Buy Now prompt on the promo page for a new release
As a New Customer I don't want to create an account so I can purchase the game. Just take my money
As a New Customer I need to see a side by side comparison of the standard game vs Imperial Edition
As a New Customer I need to understand the value of Crowns before I'll purchase them
As a New Customer I want to be offered a digital download of any version of the game through any available channel
As a New Customer I want to buy the PC game as easily as the console game
As an New Customer I don’t like getting stuck in the store when I try to buy the PC Game
As an Owner I want to buy Crowns as a gift for my friend
As an Owner I want to see how many Crowns I already  have when I purchase them
As an Owner if I can click on a product, I expect the choice to buy it now
As a Producer I want to create a minisite to position Crown Pack Purchases as a service

---

## [2016-06-17 12:53] eso

As a Designer I don't want items in a grid to show text on top of the images
As a Designer I don't want media thumbnails  to show text on top of the images
As a Designer I don't want news thumbnails  to show text on top of the images
As a Designer I expect all areas of the site to share a common visual design
As a Designer I need to provide a link to the game website from any collateral
As a Designer I prefer not to cover images with text unless it makes the content easier to read
As a Designer I want for all media thumbnails to be uniformly sized
As a Designer I want for media  thumbnails to align correctly in a grid
As a Designer I want to combine Patcher Options and Game options into a single Options menu
As a Designer I want to define unique templates for  the different types of editorial content
As a Designer I want to present content so that it easy to share
As a Designer I want to reduce the amount of navigation and emphasize real content
As a Designer I want to reformat the Game Overview so it is more readable
As a Designer I want to replace all paged navigation with progressive scrolling
As a Designer I want to set standards for image sizes across the site
As a Designer I want to set standards for typography across the site
As a Designer when I use big images they need room to breathe. Its geometry

As a Designer I don't want media thumbnails  to show text on top of the images
As a Designer I want for all media thumbnails to be uniformly sized
As a Designer I want for media  thumbnails to align correctly in a grid
As a Designer I want to reformat the Game Overview so it is more readable
As a Fan I expect to navigate sequential media on my iPhone by swiping through the content
As a Fan I need additional ways to sort the content. I don't always want a chronologically sorted grid of thumbnails
As a Fan I prefer to scroll through long lists of content instead of paging
As a Fan I want to find the best content without having to look too hard
As a Fan I want to know more about the Lore and history behind the game
As a Fan I want to know who the Emperor is
As a Fan I want to see the current leaderboards
As a Fan I want to share the content I find
As a Fan I want to view curated content
As a Fan I would like to know more about Addons and where to find them
As a Fan when I'm reading a Guide it confuses me that the menu changes and tells me I'm reading the News
As a Fan, I want fun and practical tools available on the site
As a New Customer I need to be guided to the Game Overview
As a Producer I want the New Player Guide to be a destination for New Owners
As a Producer I want to make the best media easy to find
As an Owner I only want to see the most interesting things available on the in-game Crown Store

---

## [2016-06-17 13:07] eso

As a Business I want to know how Console and PC Owners engage differently with the site
As a Business we need the ability to track users using a single login that works across the site
As a Business we need to be able to identify site visitors as Owners
As a Business we need to incentivize Crown purchases by providing services not available in-game
As a Business we need to increase the visibility of Community outreach
As a Business we need to make Crown Purchase available from anywhere on the site
As a Business we need to offer digital download of the console game through first party web storefronts
As a Business we need to provide actionable Calls to Action from any marketing materials shown in the Patcher
As a Business we need to provide New Customers with better comparisons of membership vs ownership
As a Business we should guide players to make the Best purchase by default
As a Business we want to reduce the number of steps it takes to purchase the game
As a Business we would like to get New Customers in the game as soon as possible


As an Owner I want to redeem registration codes anywhere on the site when I'm logged in
As an Owner once I've logged in I expect to see my account options in the primary navigation
As an Owner I expect to be prompted once for a login that works across all areas of the site
As an Owner I want to have access to common account management functions from the primary navigation
As a Owner I want to change my account credentials at any time
As an Owner I want to link my Account ID with a Facebook ID because its easier to sign with that
As an Owner I expect for my account login to enroll me in the Forums
As an Owner I want to buy Crowns as a gift for my friend
As an Owner I want to see how many Crowns I already  have when I purchase them
As an Owner if I can click on a product, I expect the choice to buy it now



As a New Customer I want to buy the PC game as easily as the console game
As a New Customer I don't want to create an account so I can purchase the game. Just take my money
As a New Customer I need to understand the value of Crowns before I'll purchase them
As an New Customer I don’t like getting stuck in the store when I try to buy the PC Game
As a New Customer I want to be offered a digital download of any version of the game through any available channel
As a New Customer I need to see a side by side comparison of the standard game vs Imperial Edition
As an Owner I want to buy Crowns as a gift for my friend
As an Owner I want to see how many Crowns I already  have when I purchase them
As an Owner if I can click on a product, I expect the choice to buy it now

Guides aren't News, categorize them seperately
Communicate the intrinsic/extrinsic value of Crowns on a dedicated Crown Pack page
All onboarding should branch out from a single "Player Guides" area
Convert New Player Guide found in the Forums into a formal Quickstart Guide
Provide a link to New Player Guide from Patcher
Curate and categorize existing guide content
Prepare a guide for Loot Crates

Provide space on the landing page for community content
Include curated feeds from ZOS Twitter, Instagram, Facebook
Provide exposure to next episode of ESO Live on landing page
If a Fan wins a contest we, that’s front page news
Personalities are Sticky
	Editorial, bio and backstory for featured fans
		streamers, addon makers, fansites, guilds
	Editorial, bio and backstory for public faces of the company
	Editorial, bio and backstory for featured devs and staff
Make editorial content easy to share on external channels
	Provide badges and well-formed share templates for every post
		Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest




Community Hub
Community Management
Crowns as a Service
Curate Everything
Don’t Replicate the Crown Store
Evangelize Community
Evangelize Onboarding
Fancy Lightbox
Infinite Scroll
Manage Account Anywhere
Modern Patcher
Readability
Sticky Interaction
Unified Indexing
Unified Login
Unified Purchase
Unified Site Navigation
Unified Storefront
Unified Visual Language
What About My iPhone

---

## [2016-06-20 07:39] eso

Considered rescheduling tomorrows exec meeting, but no - I think it needs to happen then. I want to generate more work for myself. I want to see my work live in the wild. I want to make a difference. I want to make it better.
-	execs need to understand business value of design pillars
-	make a list of vertical slices I can wireframe now
-	presentation edits
	-	shorter
	-	put the ending first

-	documentation edits
	-	looking into how I can create a node-based graph from content matrix

---

## [2016-06-20 08:48] eso

not sure if my data supports the kinds of node-based visualization I'm able to do>? What would you be trying to prove? I'd assumed it to be something like a ring of design pillars, and each pillar is shown connected to its user stories.

---

## [2016-06-20 08:54] eso

focus on getting the presentation tight. Don't add things, see what you can remove

---

## [2016-06-20 09:49] eso

-	presentation order
-	examples of design pillars

---

## [2016-06-20 17:54] eso

coming along, working on cleanup for powerpoint and word doc at the same time.
this is a 10a meeting for me - the material needs to be ready to present and distribute by 7a tomorrow

---

## [2016-06-21 00:22] eso

still working. late night
9 more entries to complete in the word doc
9 more entries to complete in the powerpoint doc
-	from each description identify tasks that can be managed in JIRA
-	use these and the spreadsheet as the basis for scoping and priority

---

## [2016-06-21 00:50] eso

Its more important to get visibility on this material earlier than attempting to spell out actionable next steps
-	flows
-	wireframes
-	visual design
I can speak to those next steps, and call them out as the first

---

## [2016-06-21 03:46] eso

finish the rest of this later.
have removed the sticky interaction when I found I couldnt describe it simply. Worth talking about but not the most critical issue.
5 more pillars to writeup
20 minutes per

is important to distribute this material before the meeting.

---

## [2016-06-21 07:14] eso

6 more entries remain

As a Fan I want to view curated content
As a Fan I want to find the best content without having to look too hard
As a Fan I want to find older content more easily
As a Fan I need additional ways to sort the content. I don't always want a chronologically sorted grid of thumbnails
As a Fan I need additional ways to sort the content. I don't always want a chronologically sorted grid of thumbnails
As a Producer I want to make the best news easy to find
As a Producer I want to make the best media easy to find
As a Fan visiting the Forums I want to sort forum listings by the provided headers
As a Fan I need additional ways to sort the content. I don't always want a chronologically sorted grid of thumbnails
As a Fan I want to find the best content without having to look too hard
As a Fan I rely upon all areas of the site to share common navigation
As an Fan who signs in to the site I want to be able to personalize the site

As a Fan I rely upon all areas of the site to share common navigation
As an Fan who signs in to the site I want to be able to personalize the site
As a Business we would like to get New Customers in the game as soon as possible
As a Business we need to make Crown Purchase available from anywhere on the site
As an Owner I want to buy Crowns as a gift for my friend
As an Owner I want to see how many Crowns I already  have when I purchase them
As a Business I want to know how Console and PC Owners engage differently with the site
As a Business we need the ability to track users using a single login that works across the site
As a Business we need to be able to identify site visitors as Owners
As a Fan I don't mind signing in if doing so lets me customize the way I engage with the site
As a Fan I would probably sign in to to use the site if I could sign in with Facebook
As a Fan I want more flexibility how I register to use the Forums
As a Fan who has taken time to create an account to use the site, I only want to sign in once
As an Owner once I've logged in I expect to see my account options in the primary navigation
As an Owner I want to redeem registration codes anywhere on the site when I'm logged in
As an Owner I expect to be prompted once for a login that works across all areas of the site
As an Owner I want to have access to common account management functions from the primary navigation
As a Owner I want to change my account credentials at any time
As an Owner I want to link my Account ID with a Facebook ID because its easier to sign with that
As an Owner I don't want to sign in for Support if I've previously signed in somewhere else
As an Owner I expect for my account login to enroll me in the Forums
As an Owner I expect for my account login to enroll me in the Forums
As an Owner if I can click on a product, I expect the choice to buy it now




UX FINDINGS MEETING NOTES

Strategic design goals for web platform that simplify and focus

Close by talking about how these design pillars can be expressed in wireframes and visual designs.
Frame that discussion as "what can I design now"
make a list of vertical slices I can design now
request help in making measurable business cases for this work

Important to talk about the timeframe.
Current statement of work ends next week
Extend contract

---

## [2016-06-21 09:46] eso

done
sending out docs

---

## [2016-06-21 09:56] eso

ready

---

## [2016-06-21 09:57] eso

oh good its at 1030
doing some cleanup

---

## [2016-06-21 11:17] eso

creat list of deliverable I can begin on now

Reorganize menu system
-	only show options directly related to the game in the top level menu
-	remove submenus

---

## [2016-06-21 11:54] eso

WIREFRAMING AND VISUAL DESIGN TASKS
Create page template for News Page
Create page template for Media Page
Create page template for Guides
Patcher redesign
	-   cleaner marketing slider
	-	patcher needs to be aware of ESO-Steam customers
Establish and document standard image sizes used across the site
Establish and document typography standards used across the site
Refine page layout grid
Redesign page sidebar and integrate into page templates
Provide examples of different fonts for editorial content (New, Guides)
Create News post template
Create Guide post template
Create Screenshot post template
Create Video post template
Refine design of Media carousel to facilitate sharing and support variable screen widths
Redesign menu for mobile devices/narrow screen
Restyle the Forums Page to match the visual style of the rest of the site
Restyle the Customer Service Page to match the visual style of the rest of the site
Restyle the Account Management Page to match the visual style of the rest of the site
Redesign ESO Plus membership page
Update Page Footer design
	- incorporate Buy Crowns prompt
Create wireframes for Account Management anywhere
Redesign Game Overview page
Modify layout of thumbnailed content (media, Guides, News) so that text appears underneath the image
Create page template for Curated mixed content
Remove pagination from content galleries and replace with infinite scroll (media, guides, news)
Add sharing widgets (Facebook, twitter, Pinterest, YouTube) to all editorial content

---

## [2016-06-21 14:57] eso

sent out list of deliverables that emerged from UX evaluation earlier. Presentation ran a bit long and I can tell its a bit confusing that I analyzed this proiject in this manner. Its my first time doing so. The mmeeting was fine - I conveyed my intent and had extended talk w both Jared and Cory afterwards. If I could do it again, I'd have done it in this order
Conclusions
Deliverables
Pillars
Research methods

---

## [2016-06-22 10:56] eso

looking into design tools
Axure?
Sketch?
Fireworks?
Something new?

Responsive design can't be an after thought - which rules Fireworks out. Not sure how sketch handles it. Axure looks like it does things, will need to do tutorial. Some other web based tools seem like they might generate ideas quicker

---

## [2016-06-22 12:27] eso

editing and cleaning up task list to go over w Dan and Cory tomorrow am
-	are you able to create a basic timeline from these tasks? What needs to happen firts? What stories are global?
-	what can be incorporated into Update 11 (currently being worked on)
-	visibility - what do Jared, Matt, Jon, Heather need to look at. What kind of deliverables would they like to hold in their hands?

---

## [2016-06-22 23:23] eso

after some research found a way to visualize estimates in Excel

---

## [2016-06-23 01:11] eso

for meeting w Cory and Dan
-
how can these tasks I've captured be grouped?
-	page templates
-	product page
-	details/components
-	design ahead/innovate
-	global navigation
-	promotion
-	vertical slices
-	documentation
-	review

---

## [2016-06-23 09:28] eso

Doing another pass on task list before sending out to Cory and Dan

---

## [2016-06-23 09:32] eso

Global page layout grid
	Containers (sizes/styles)
	Typography
	-	headers
	-	paragraphs
	-	quotes
	-	blockquote
	-	captions
	-	links
	-	lists
	Images
	Forms (Text entry)
	Controls
	-	Button
	-	Dropdown
	-	Slider

---

## [2016-06-23 10:09] eso

x Cleanup JIRA later today

---

## [2016-06-23 10:34] eso

Update 11

landing page modifications in progress

premade blocks
- identify content types
- content hierarchy for landing page
	-	create wireframe
sidebar configuration
	-	wireframes
create confluence pages for design docs

---

## [2016-06-23 12:12] eso

working out details and duration of new contract sent over my task estimates

---

## [2016-06-23 12:40] eso

-	update invoicing with completed tasks
x	create Confluence workspace

---

## [2016-06-23 15:20] eso

taking a look at what's new in axure
how does it handle responsive designs
site management
documentation
export
sharing prototypes

---

## [2016-06-23 21:59] eso

getting into another work session. have read up on Axure for a few hours

---

## [2016-06-23 22:12] eso

not really sure if theres a huge value to using Axure right now
(well - beyond learning it)
There are some issues with visual fidelity that it isn't really designed for
It reduces the ability to do hifidelity work which could be done in Sketch
It organizes things differently though and the documentation features may be useful?

I'll get this layout done tonight in Axure
Maybe try recreating the same in Sketch for comparision

---

## [2016-06-23 22:33] eso

Axure isn't as flexible as I need for now
Fireworks would normally be my go-to choice
Still looking for a reason to use Sketch...

---

## [2016-06-23 23:07] eso

Fireworks it is

---

## [2016-06-24 07:07] eso

Shawn mentioined that they'e using hipchat internally?

---

## [2016-06-24 09:27] eso

studying content arrangement on ZOS site. cluttered
looking for temp fonts

---

## [2016-06-24 11:41] eso

TIERS
Some content is more important

PINNED CONTENT
pulled out of stream and sticks to the page

Pin 1 T1 item to the page
Pin 2 T1 items to the page

---

## [2016-06-24 14:55] eso

Filling in with some real content
created spreadsheet to organize

---

## [2016-06-24 17:33] eso

have sketched out different content views
not sure what to name them yet

add the existing siute content back in

---

## [2016-06-25 09:22] eso

wireframes show:
cleaner way to show editorial content in a gallery
-	pinned views
	-	spotlight
	-	feature
	-	list
-	feeds
-	horizontal rules and whitespace seperate content
-	thumbnail view show text under image
-	content date is shown for all

TODO:
-	confluence documantation
-	side by side comparison showng current with new design (in same congiguration)
-	update Phone Portrait design
	-	compare w widescreen design
-	show the content speadsheet you're using and callout the "pinned" ta
g as well as the "timestamp" tag
	-	make the point that content that has been pinned is taken out of the feed
-	show use cases with multiple content pins (use spreadsheet + gfx to show)

-	STRETCH:
	alternate layout showing better sidebar?

DO NOT:
-	try to figure out the typography and swap fonts

---

## [2016-06-27 09:15] eso

setting up material on confluence for review

---

## [2016-06-27 09:43] eso

When applied to the Poison slot on a weapon, this blade venom does immediate damage, and additional damage over time

---

## [2016-06-27 12:38] eso

posted wireframes to confluence
shared work in progress s larger group

-	what does this design look like on my iphone
-	what happens when you change the sidebar configuration
-	collate and provide visual reference for Doug
-	update JIRA tasks (create new 1)

---

## [2016-06-28 07:10] eso

- go over work in progress with William Brall

---

## [2016-06-28 07:56] eso

I am still feeling that FW will end up creating more effor and reducing cadence
Taking another look at Axure
Will try to directly translate my work there

---

## [2016-06-28 09:26] eso

taking a look at Axure
good conversation with William Brall earlier

---

## [2016-06-28 09:41] eso

-	once setup, verify AXShare workflow with Dan and Will
-	prepare invoice

---

## [2016-06-28 15:06] eso

really would like axure to be the answer

Futura PT W10 Cond Book
FuturaPTW10-CondMedium
Futura PT W10 Cond Bold

Futura PT Cond Medium

axshare:smpl
uwl1re.axshare.com

font-family: "futura-pt-condensed",sans-serif;
Book
font-style: normal;
font-weight: 400;

Medium
font-family: "futura-pt-condensed",sans-serif;
font-style: normal;
font-weight: 500;

Bold
font-family: "futura-pt-condensed",sans-serif;
font-style: normal;
font-weight: 700;

---

## [2016-06-29 07:09] eso

-	create tasks for moving forward, add to JIRA
-	speak with Luke about setting up server for Axure work

---

## [2016-06-29 08:00] eso

do a test
-	create test project in Axure using Futura font mappings
-	upload to directory on skinjester.com
-	de-activate Futura locally
-	?

---

## [2016-06-29 10:08] eso

meeting w Heather later to discuss her priorities
I think she will feel more in control if I can creatan experience diagram that addresses here priorities directly
Those Axure sample I recently saw were a good starting point
-	will need to identify this as a task in JIRA

---

## [2016-06-29 11:09] eso

just paid for and downloaded some Axure templates for UX maps and experience diagrams
here's an experiment to see the impact of that documentation

---

## [2016-06-29 11:12] eso

-	finalize Axure export and workflow
-	explore experience mapping for Heather's priorities
-	create task to document experience map


Futura PT W10 Cond Book
FuturaPTW10-CondMedium
Futura PT W10 Cond Bold

fonts.com
http://fast.fonts.net/cssapi/9a95417c-9338-48da-be2b-eef4b3e11c68.css

---

## [2016-06-29 15:12] eso

Embedded webfont from prototype hosted on webserver is working
I'm able to view a test at skinjester.com from the ZOS laptop

---

## [2016-06-29 19:48] eso

transfering design from FW to Axure now

---

## [2016-06-30 12:07] eso

continuing to work on transfering design to Axure so that I can make choices there
still no clear direction on how to move forward
created a number of JIRA tasks to buiuld momentum
I feel tghe biggest contribution I can make right now is to stand up some vertical slices of a cleaned up design of existing, adding new features where possible
need to show work in progress

---

## [2016-06-30 12:34] eso

well I've got a nice bkg in there now for show and tell

---

## [2016-06-30 14:44] eso

Great work session on landing page design in AX - have gone down paths I would not have taken in FW

---

