# Raw Entries for July 2016

**Total Entries:** 105
**Projects:** deepdreamvisionquest, eso, spirit animal

---

## [2016-07-01 07:10] eso

Steve Perkins
director of global marketing will be my new contact
-	introduce yourself today

landing page
- more emptiness
- immediate prompts to buy game, buy crowns

---

## [2016-07-01 08:48] eso

setting up access to Google Analytics. There's a Chrome extension that overlays insights over the site itself that seems pretty informative

---

## [2016-07-01 10:28] eso

ah great, a quick hack for full width polygon in AX for menu bar
with some math could do more...

---

## [2016-07-01 12:48] eso

cool new layout idea developing. its modern like squarespace. excited

---

## [2016-07-01 16:55] eso

Included in Tamriel Unleashed available now. BUY NOW

---

## [2016-07-01 22:58] eso

UPDATE 11 FEATURING SHADOWS OF THE HIST: FIRST LOOK

---

## [2016-07-01 23:32] eso

finished working on this for now. lots of ideas. good work session today

---

## [2016-07-02 09:29] eso

short work session capturing some ideas

KON'NICHIWA, NIHON

---

## [2016-07-02 13:34] eso

™

---

## [2016-07-05 07:09] eso

no Scrum today apparently - oh here we go
-	work on landing page
-	free to play weekend page end of week
	-	what are the functional requiremnts for this page
	-	who is working on this? (me?)
	-	take the initiative on this and solicit requirements by providing an example
-	setup visual design review
	-	Steve Perkins
	-	Cory
	-	Jared
	-	Marc
	-	Doug
-	prepare instructions for local Axure setup
	-	Chrome, Firefox, IE
	-	fonts
	-	call out Luke Samuels work to setup dedicated webserver
	-	follow up w Luke to get ETA on setup

-	Additional AX layout feature Free Play Weekend hero
	-	creaqte dedicated ladning page for Free to Play weekend if necessary (to expose or leave room for instructions, etc.)

-	AX - fill in wireframe blocks w existing content
-	AX - Pinned content
		-	callout Dungeon promo as multiple instances of pinned content

---

## [2016-07-05 09:02] eso

In celebration of Quakecon 2016 we are inviting players from around the world to play the award-winning Elder Scrolls Online for free!
Sharpen your swords, prepare your magic spells and don’t forget your health potions for an epic adventure in Tamriel. The Quakecon Free Play Weekend will be open from Tuesday, August 2nd <time> until Monday, August 8th <time>. To start you journey please follow the link for your preferred platform below.

---

## [2016-07-05 09:28] eso

The Crown Store can be accessed in-game to buy unique virtual goods and services with Crowns, a virtual in-game currency. Learn More

---

## [2016-07-05 10:13] eso

Luke suggests I host the ax work on my own server for the upcoming design review

---

## [2016-07-05 10:57] eso

Luke seems to have the webserver up at ZOS, doing some experiments w that now

---

## [2016-07-05 10:58] eso

- add landing page w grid overlay
- cleanup styles so that not all text has dropshadows
- pinned content wireframes
- setup meeting

---

## [2016-07-05 14:33] eso

added dynamic footer
transferring it to other pages

---

## [2016-07-05 22:39] eso

THE ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE: DARK BROTHERHOOD – OFFICIAL TRAILER
BE3 2016 – LOOKING BACK AT ESO

---

## [2016-07-05 23:30] eso

ESO LIVE: UPDATE 11 SPECIAL  1

---

## [2016-07-06 00:14] eso

I could present what I have right now, although not as cleanly as I'd like
- P1 Fix footer and attach to all pages
- P1 update zos webserver (Luke)
- P2 add hilite states to all content blocks
- P3 Pinned Tier2 content (line item)

STRETCH
- add FB share counter
- turn off 768/320 content at breakpoints

---

## [2016-07-06 10:12] eso

Footer
x	promo attract left
x	promo attract center
x	free play attract left

hilite interaction
x	promo attract left
x	promo attract center
x	free play attract left


T2 pinned content
-	promo attract left
-	promo attract center
-	free play attract left

---

## [2016-07-06 10:44] eso

talking points

GRID
adaptive to multiple devices, Based on modification to existing grid

TYPOGRAPHY
replaced all paragraph text w open sans for readability  (is open source font in common usage on the web)
standardized font size, sizes and line heights

CONTRAST RATIO. How black is black? Can you see the difference between pasted site content (menu,footer), compared to . Insead we need to start from a brighter black - improve contrast ratio, aid readability, provide

EMPHASIS ON BACKGROUND
Fullscreen background image
strong seperation between content and bkg
revealed by scrolling
opportunities for storytelling - transitions between muliple background, or parallax motion

HIERARCHY
named areas: T0, T1, T2, Feed Gallery, sidebar
content in the sidebar is smaller than in the main page area
use confluence to show different tier views

PROMOTION
Always promoting Buy More Crowns - linked to the current promotion when possible
T0 content area always selling the game (unless its a free play event)

COMMUNITY
Pin community content under T1 content block
- show example in Confluence


FRAMING
hilite captures entire content block

RESPONSIVE LAYOUT
how does content respond to different page widths & heights. what happens to the sidebar, for example

---

## [2016-07-06 12:26] eso

ready to present
reference confluence doc for different tiered vies

---

## [2016-07-06 13:50] eso

Next steps

rework news page
create free weekend code page mockup
create buy crowns page
rework crown store page layout
send UX docs to Steve & AJ

---

## [2016-07-07 10:56] eso

cleanup existing work to extend it further
top menu, footer need to be master objects, including scaling panel behind
add T2 content
add tooltip to featured crown item
create dummy pages for link destinations
-	buy crowns
-	buy game
-	news
-	media

---

## [2016-07-07 12:02] eso

don't try to keep it all in one place
you should really be prototyping the bare minimum that you need.
the more time you spend on an Axure prototype, the less return you get on that time

---

## [2016-07-07 20:07] eso

finished design hub page

---

## [2016-07-08 13:20] eso

updating latest build
going to push latest to webserver at ZOS

---

## [2016-07-09 18:04] eso

unable to login to VPN other machine will try again later

---

## [2016-07-11 09:40] eso

VPN is fine
doing some cleanup on index page I'd started on Friday

---

## [2016-07-11 10:27] eso

getting ready to post updated design hub to zos

---

## [2016-07-11 10:57] eso

updated ZOS site

---

## [2016-07-11 11:02] eso

creating simple sitemap in Excel. Turn this into a diagram later
I want to flesh out the protyotype w some stub pages before beginning news design

overall I'd say it doesn't make sens eto use submenus to access the news. The existiung categories make sense as sidebar nav. I want to integrate that sidebarnav with search - similar to what I did in Otherlands Store

Create Stub pages
- screen captures
	-	News
		-	All
	-	Media
		-	All
	-	Guides
	-	Overview
	-	DLC
		-	Dark Brotherhood landing page
	-	ESO Plus
	- 	Crown Store
-	Add to Axure
	-	create page links

---

## [2016-07-11 11:26] eso

need to crop the screen captures just for content panel

---

## [2016-07-11 12:18] eso

not sure what I meant by sitemap. the thing to do is to place stubbed content and link to it globally/locally as needed, to add additional detail to prototype

---

## [2016-07-11 12:39] eso

need to rebuild menu - not sure what I was even doing, but its weirdly setup

---

## [2016-07-11 15:32] eso

now I see. menu was setup as dynamic panel to pin it to browser window...
and the best way to control that is to wrap the menu master inside the panel

---

## [2016-07-11 16:36] eso

I've added a placeholder News page thinking about layout ideas

---

## [2016-07-11 16:36] eso

noticing that Planetside has social badges/sharing on news posts as I'd considered

---

## [2016-07-11 16:52] eso

why news
I want to see what's new
I want to know what's going on (what's being read)
I want to entertain myself (browse)

---

## [2016-07-11 20:48] eso

finishing up work session
will schedule review for Thurs/Friday
need 1-2 more work sessions to stand this up

UPDATE 11 FEATURING SHADOWS OF THE HIST: LAUNCH DETAILS

---

## [2016-07-12 10:17] eso

working up the sketch I made last night. key feature is that it provides a context for reading the news. What stores were posted today, yesterday, last week. Uses similar sidebar/accordion nav to categorize content by date,as in:
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016



Posted Today
	(gallery items)
Posted Yesterday
	(gallery items)
Posted Last Week
	(gallery items)

			Filter: ALL | Announcements | Art | Patch Notes | Development | Crown Store

> 2016				List Item
	July			List Item
	June			List Item
	May
	April
	March
	February
	January
2015
2014
2013
Full Archive

---

## [2016-07-12 10:29] eso

- give each content view a unique name
- setup design review for Friday

---

## [2016-07-12 11:10] eso

building pieces, sketching

---

## [2016-07-12 12:06] eso

pushed current to ZOS

---

## [2016-07-12 18:36] eso

have spent more time than expected figuring out how to do a sticky sidebar in Axurew. Getting close

(( 470 + (Window.scrollY - 470) * (1-(SIDEBAR.height-Window.height)/(MAIN.height-Window.height)) ))

---

## [2016-07-12 19:39] eso

spent way too much time focusing on mechanics of making the protoityper work instead of layout. notr much to show for it. need to finish up this work session with some layout work.

---

## [2016-07-12 19:40] eso

and yet - I've put thos much time into iut, I'm curious to see how it works out

---

## [2016-07-13 08:50] eso

working on basic design for news, expecting to review tomorrow

---

## [2016-07-13 11:32] eso

fixing the content to work better with the grid
have determined thast unless theres T0 pinned conytent then there's no hero image for any pages.
will go with that constraint and push against it later

---

## [2016-07-13 16:15] eso

the sidebar is a layout killer
moving the design to a place where the sidebar stacks vertically, and will make a case for it

---

## [2016-07-13 18:07] eso

I've thought thru the layout better, and am also redoing the sidebar - keep sgetting in the way

---

## [2016-07-14 07:08] eso

Cory is scheduling design review for tomorrow afternoon

---

## [2016-07-14 10:31] eso

Luke setup a git repo for the Axure project
I'm seeing how I interface with that using Source Safe

---

## [2016-07-14 13:39] eso

now using basic Git workflow. Any commits to master go up on the webserver
Working on new page/sidebar design

---

## [2016-07-14 14:38] eso

fleshed out schematic page
created block diagram as talking point for sidebar redesign

---

## [2016-07-14 23:58] eso

For presentation tomorrow

ARCHIVE PANEL
-	P1 wireframe of archive grid view
-	P1 add icons for grid view/list view
-	P1 cleanup date list in archive template
-	P1 simplify typography in archive template - navigation is waay to large as if it were console design(!)

FRAMING
x	P1 set panel rules to size to window width
x	P1 add panel rules to all content
x	P1 set mid-panel height with dynamic panel to reduce dependency on script
	-	P3 replace top menu panel w dynamic panel
	x	P1 replace mid panel w dynamic panel
	-	P3 replace footer w dynamic panel
x 	P2 match news midpanel to footer distance to that seen on landing pages

SIDEBAR
x	P1 extend fill to page width

LANDING PAGE
-	P3 duplicate 1 of the landing pages and apply sidebar + revised metrics to it

CONTENT VIEWS
-	P3 show 1-up and 2-up variations of Tier 1 content on the news page

DELIVERY
-	P1 writeup talking points
-	P1 push updates to webserver

---

## [2016-07-15 00:36] eso

prioritize and estimate
presentation at 12p

---

## [2016-07-15 07:58] eso

Getting started

---

## [2016-07-15 08:32] eso

whew - took a while to tweak the horizontal rules as I'd like

---

## [2016-07-15 09:18] eso

working on mid panel

---

## [2016-07-15 09:30] eso

finished up mid panel, adding to other pages

---

## [2016-07-15 09:35] eso

the top menu and footer panels need to be replaced as well, but not urgently so right now

---

## [2016-07-15 11:47] eso

Ready to present
Pushing to webserver

---

## [2016-07-15 14:48] eso

good meeting, some odd questions
Met a guy named Joe - who is? Was thsat Jo Burba? or a guy from Bethesda?

---

## [2016-07-25 08:53] eso

starting Buy Crowns design and getting caught up with previous research

CROWNS AS A SERVICE
Sell Crown Packages from a dedicated page. Include the Buy Crowns prompt in the site footer.
- Buy Crowns at any time
- Show Crown Balance when signed in
- Crown store onboarding
- Loot Crate onboarding

UX FAIL
We're prompting players to purchase crowns when they want to purchase or investigate items
The crown purchase prompt leads to a specific package - which may be far more than what a player needs
Players can't see crown balance
Players can't buy crowns for other players
Menu prompt to Crown Store is vague
Crown Store construct is questionable (this is the page that being replaced)

---

## [2016-07-25 09:16] eso

How do Steam player buy Crown Packs?
I'm installing the Steam version alonside my otehr versions. Not sure how it will play well
Well, its downloading....

---

## [2016-07-25 09:59] eso

The real question is What is the value of Crowns?

Secondary questions:
Why should I buy Crowns from the website instead of the game?
What prevents me from seeing my Crown Balance?

---

## [2016-07-25 16:01] eso

Finishing up this work session in a bit
Spent time researching and capturing
- game purchase flow from Steam
- Crown pack purchase from Steam

adding AX pages to document those flows

Not much progress made to Buy Crowns page layout yet, stilldefining the problem. Expecting further detail from next work session. Targeting Wed afternoon review of 1st draft with further revision to happen during the rest of the week

---

## [2016-07-25 18:20] eso

finished todays work session
have mapped out game purchase flow from Steam
see what narrow (3-col) layout looks like. 4-col seems large
-	map out Crown pack Purchase Flow
	-	Steam
	-	PC/MAC
	-	XBOX
	-	PlayStation

What are the similarities and differences?

-	update AX_project
	-	update index page
	-	broadcast update on  slack

-	setup design review for Thursday

---

## [2016-07-26 07:24] deepdreamvisionquest

apparently I was self documenting here, but it never really took off. Picking it back up as I tyake a look at what the v1 project needs to be

---

## [2016-07-26 07:24] spirit animal

apparently I was self documenting here, but it never really took off. Picking it back up as I tyake a look at what the v1 project needs to be

---

## [2016-07-26 07:24] deepdreamvisionquest

At the moment I'm going thru the code line by line cleaning up the formatting so the Linter program (Adaconbda/Sublime Text3) stops complaining. Busy work? Maybe - but is a good way to get a sense of what I had previously written

---

## [2016-07-26 07:24] spirit animal

At the moment I'm going thru the code line by line cleaning up the formatting so the Linter program (Adaconbda/Sublime Text3) stops complaining. Busy work? Maybe - but is a good way to get a sense of what I had previously written

---

## [2016-07-26 07:44] deepdreamvisionquest

Or maybe not - tedious. I'll make sure everything is clean

---

## [2016-07-26 07:44] spirit animal

Or maybe not - tedious. I'll make sure everything is clean

---

## [2016-07-26 09:51] eso

cleaning up purchase flow diagram

---

## [2016-07-26 10:26] eso

taking a look at crown purchase flow

---

## [2016-07-26 13:17] eso

working on schematic.

---

## [2016-07-26 14:38] eso

What are crowns used for? What can you buy with Crowns

THE CROWN STORE
The Crown Store is an in-game store which allows for the purchasing of exclusive content, such as items and DLC. Crowns are the currency required to buy things from the store, and can be purchased separately or obtained by paying for an ESO Plus subscription

	Welcome ESO Plus Members
	Members receive 1500 crowns every month at the start of the subscription period. Read more about MEMBER BENEFITS

	Not a member? Become an ESO Plus™ member now for immediate access to new game content as well as other great benefits. Learn more about ESO PLUS™

ESO PLUS Members receive 1500 crowns every month at the start of the subscription period
500 Crowns are given to all accounts with a copy of the game

MOUNTS
Mounts are almost essential for crossing the vast expanses of Tamriel in good time. Several mounts are available for purchase with in-game gold or Crowns.You can train your character's Riding Skill every 20 hours at stablemasters, or as often as you like via the Crown Store, to receive a bonus to speed, inventory space, or stamina (up to the maximum of 60 points in each stat).  Mounts can be horses, guar, senche, camels, wolves, or bears.


PETS
Pets are companion creatures that follow the player. They are account wide vanity items and don't help in combat. Some of the pets were available as loyalty rewards given for a certain number of months of paid subscription, and some are purchases available from the Crown Store. Others are only available from various promotions. The only pet available from standard gameplay is Razak's Opus, although several can be earned in a similar fashion by completing DLC content or as DLC loyalty rewards.

COSTUMES
Costumes (including hats) are appearance only outfits that overlay armor. ESO Plus subscribers can dye their costumes.

CRAFTING
Learn how to craft in a wide range of exotic or Imperial styles and pourchase mimic stones which take the place of any racial item, allowing you to create items in any styles you've learned

DYES (Exclusive to ESO PLUS)
Players with active ESO Plus memberships can customize equipped costumes and hats at any Dye Station in the game, using the clothing dyes you've unlocked by completing in-game Achievements. Dyed costumes and hats are saved individually for each of your characters, so the same piece can have a different appearance for each of your characters. (become an ESO Plus Member)

UPGRADES
Play as an Imperial. Play as a vampire or a werewolf. Increase your storage space. Get riding Lessons for your mount
Add an assistant that can be summoned at any time

DLC
New story content and gameplay features. DLC in Elder Scrolls Online can be obtained by purchasing it in the Crown Store. All DLC in the game is free to access for players who have a current ESO Plus subscription, however if the subscription ends or lapses access is lost until it is renewed.

LOOT CRATES
Loot Crates give players an avenue for acquiring highly desirable and/or discontinued Crown products. Loot Crates are stored on the players account (not in their inventory). When a Loot Crate is opened, the player will be presented with a random set of items related to past, present, and never before seen products on the Crown Store. The higher the value of an item, the more rarely it is found, but the crate will always contain items with a total value greater than or equal to its cost.


1. Costumes
2. Crafting
3. DLC
4. Dyes
5. Loot Crates
6. Mounts
7. Pets
8. Upgrades

---

## [2016-07-26 16:12] eso

I've mapped out the talking points for the T1: What are Crowns For section. I'd like to wrap this work session up at 6p
Here's what I expect to have

x cleaned up flow diagram (serves as reference for future diagrams)
x Schematic
	xT1: What are Crowns For
		x placeholder copy
	x T2: The Value of Crowns

TOMORROW WORK SESSION
- P1 initial layout
- P1 schedule design review
- P2 refine layout
- P2 create dummy external content for linking (or use actual)
- P2 cleanup main menu
- P2 start a list of entry points to the Buy Crowns page
	-	Buy Crowns prompt from PC Crown Store

---

## [2016-07-27 07:41] deepdreamvisionquest

Getting started mapping out the signal flowe of this program. Its more complex (and likely redundant) than I know how to move forward with

---

## [2016-07-27 07:41] spirit animal

Getting started mapping out the signal flowe of this program. Its more complex (and likely redundant) than I know how to move forward with

---

## [2016-07-27 08:38] eso

getting ready to advertise current work on Slack
inbterestung how questions about "what's missing" get real when there's an audence

---

## [2016-07-27 11:48] eso

meeting with Joseph Osborne at 1p over VOIP to discuss the design project. I'vde not interacted w him previously. Joe is a software engineer who reached out to me over Slack. He's not in my notes. Is he the guy working on the patcher?

Evaluation
Research
Findings
Scope & Estimates
Currently working on...

---

## [2016-07-27 12:48] eso

started working on page layout

---

## [2016-07-27 14:45] eso

blocking in basic layout for the page
will figure out interactions in the next cycle

---

## [2016-07-27 15:15] eso

blocked out basic states for buy crown packages

---

## [2016-07-27 15:27] eso

starting on "The Types of Things we're selling"

---

## [2016-07-27 17:03] eso

stood up basic 3-column design for "The Types of Things We're Selling:"
have

---

## [2016-07-28 09:50] eso

working on item list for popular products
reviewing this design toimorrow at 1p

TYTHIS ANDROMO, THE BANKER

CROWN CRAFTING MOTIFS: DOMINION

---

## [2016-07-28 10:28] eso

item list is blocking in ok
getting hung up on paneling  (can't help it!)
save that for dedicated iteration though. need to finish blocking out this page and then setyup interactivity

---

## [2016-07-28 11:38] eso

yeah getting there

---

## [2016-07-28 14:29] eso

worksession2
continuing to refine item list and tab system. getting close

---

## [2016-07-28 15:01] eso

stood up basic layout

---

## [2016-07-28 16:15] eso

worksession 3
refining list. just not sitting onb the page as comfortably as I would like. Startiung on interactive work

---

## [2016-07-28 17:17] eso

refined the Product Matrix list further. solid

---

## [2016-07-29 09:24] eso

worksession4

figuring out some details of Axure events
working on the package selection interact

---

## [2016-07-29 10:02] eso

have figured out the interactionb mostly. its simple. not really obvious

---

## [2016-07-29 11:46] eso

still working on that interaction

javascript: $('
		(data-label="btn_5500")
		').css('cursor', 'pointer');
		throw new Error();

javascript: $('
		(data-label="btn_5500"),
		(data-label="btn_3000"),
		(data-label="btn_1500"),
		(data-label="btn_750")
		').css('cursor', 'pointer');
	throw new Error();

---

## [2016-07-29 11:54] eso

Pretty cool and hackish that you can embed JS in axure this way
Placing this on page load allows me to change cursor to pointer hand during interaction on a list of things I name

---

## [2016-07-29 11:56] eso

button grid needs to transition in - too twitchy when it appears active beneath the cursor
the selected state itself needs to transition on mouse up. its too twitchy when it snaps into place

---

## [2016-07-29 13:00] eso

this interaction is looking pretty tight now

---

## [2016-07-29 13:10] eso

controls need to transition in at same time as bkg panel

---

## [2016-07-29 15:48] eso

refined interaction for single instance

---

## [2016-07-30 09:03] eso

aligned some content

for next worksession
x	update labels for each purchase panel
x	attach links to purchase buttons
	x	attach leaving site dialog for xb1/ps4
	x	screen capture stub pages
		x	or link directly to site?
x	how much effort to close any other selected states when a new selected state opens?
-	interactivity for value tabs at bottom of page
	x	unique list items for each tab
- POST-REVIEW
	-	 how does this design perform on my iPhone?

---

