# Raw Entries for January 2016

**Total Entries:** 60
**Projects:** deepdreamvisionquest, eso, spirit animal

---

## [2016-01-05 10:08] eso

Back in SF. Signed contract to work with ZeniMax for the next 3 months. Make rough estimates for the task list below.

Crown Store – Purchase History
Crown Store – Support for “Free”” items
Crown store – Announcements UI refactor & event support
Crown store – Bundling refactoring and UI design
Crown Store - Barbershop UI design
Crown store – Name change UI design
Crown store – Costume / armor dye UI design
Crown store – Loot crate / Crown gems UI design
Crown store – Purchases at friction points UI design (i.e. – full inventory, dead, broken gear, stablemaster, etc.)
Crown store – Improved ESO Plus experience (i.e. – ESO Plus tab with specifics on ESO Plus rewards)
Crown store – Improved DLC purchase experience (i.e. – presentation, status, special market products look special, etc.)

---

## [2016-01-08 11:10] eso

ZOS network credentials:
gary.boodhoo@zenimaxonline.com
M@rtyJ@n3tty
(can I change this password? hard to remember)

---

## [2016-01-08 12:25] eso

Meeting Agenda

-	Statement of Work
	-	Discuss initial estimates for design
	-	need further scoping for some items
	-	will work with Lee on acceptance criteria for some items
	-	what is the priority?
	-	Need to create stories to track these issues in JIRA

-	Level of detail

-	How has the product announcement system been working?
	-	Noticeable difference in store visits/sales?

-	How has the BI reporting initiative been going?
-	Communications
	-	A laptop is being made available to me for using Lync and Outlook (on the desktop)
		-	Is this being sent to me?
		-	Is this being setup so I can remote into it

-	Scrum/JIRA
	-	Should I be attending Scrum? When can we start
	-	Where in JIRA should I be tracking tasks?


-	Tools/Techniques
	-	Would like Doug to walk me through the work he does with GRID
	-	I'm not especially well versed w GRID and would like to understand the data structures better

---

## [2016-01-08 13:40] eso

R24S3	ends 1/29

---

## [2016-01-11 09:03] eso

Scheduling and estimates w Yuting earlier. Again tomorrow. Crown Store scrum sounded pretty low energy.
Created entries to track work in Trello

---

## [2016-01-11 14:37] eso

unable to access dev build with old credentials

VPN in. Choose limited profile. Remote Desktop to gboodhoo2-x64 and let me know how it goes.

---

## [2016-01-12 12:21] eso

Met w Jason W to discuss his design for Loot Crate. Looks good, great wireframes. Interesting design.

Downloading the game again after uninstalling everything.

-	Transfer Bundle design to Confluence
-	Transfer Special Items look Special design to Confluence

---

## [2016-01-12 14:06] eso

trying to get VPN and remote desktop setup
gboodhoo2-x64.obj.dev.zos


logged into VPN using IC_LIMITED group
my network adapter states
dev.zos
private network
access type: internet
connections: Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client Connection

web browser non-functional.
-	all requests time out

Unable to use Lync

unable to access \\HVAULT

unable to make remote desktop connection to:
gboodhoo2-x64


error dialog states:
Remote Desktop can't connect to the remote computer...
-	remote access to the server is not enabled
-	remote computer turned off
-	remote computer not available on network


logged into VPN using IC_FULL group
my network adapter states
dev.zos
private network
access type: internet
connections: Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client Connection

web browser functional
full access to:
-	webmail
-	confluence
-	jira

unable to make remote desktop connection to any of the following:
gboodhoo2-x64

---

## [2016-01-12 22:37] eso

I'm going to request that a laptop is sent out to me as Matt specified. Will make life easier for everyone to have dedicated physical connection

---

## [2016-01-12 22:51] eso

Finished up Bundling design and posted to confluence
Added some subtasks to Bundling
Added some subtasks to DL Purchase Improvements and identified next steps
Created design hub for Store work to easily share progress/status

gboodhoo2-x64
M@rtyJ@n3tty

gboodhoo-nbk

.

---

## [2016-01-13 09:10] eso

success logging into remote machine, need outlook and lync setup
latency extremely high
have requested machine to be sent physically to me

---

## [2016-01-13 10:51] eso

logging into BVT using Yuting's account
waiting for follow up from Lee about the DLC purchase issues he spoke of

---

## [2016-01-13 11:32] eso

Customer is encouraged to purchase DLC products
Customer is thanked for recent purchases
Customer knows how to use purchased product
DLC Purchase fanfare
Plus members are congratulated when new DLC launches

---

## [2016-01-13 12:44] eso

working on a diagram of DLC purchase as it stands today - with relation to user stories and systems - capturiung my ignorance :)

---

## [2016-01-13 14:51] eso

continuing work on lifecycle diagram

---

## [2016-01-13 17:08] eso

Noticing some strangeness w gamepad Crown Store and Collection UI on BVT
The Collection UI shows these DLC products as Collected (ESO PLUS UNLOCKED).
The starting quest for each is shown
I am prompted to Accept Quest, or buried in an options menu, Unlock Permanently

- Dark Brotherhood
- Thieves Guild
- Orsinium
- Imperial City

In the Crown Store when I look at DLC products

---

## [2016-01-13 17:16] eso

Still thinking through the DLC Purchas eexperience.
Started looking through a modified dialog treatment I'd started months ago. couldnt help myself. I plan to flesh that out a bit further and discuss w UI team

---

## [2016-01-13 17:18] eso

It is tedious switching back and forth between the Collection UI and The Crown Store. They're connected - and I wonder if combining them into a single screen could make sense.

---

## [2016-01-13 17:19] eso

I've also wondered about what a gamepad crown store based on a vertical menu would look like - the categorization could be made independent of the paging nav. meaning that one item in the HMENU states CROWN STORE and the other states COLLECTIONS. The categorization for the crown store and for the collections UI would be managed using a vertical menu

---

## [2016-01-14 11:45] eso

finished reading through loot crate design in preparation for this afternoon's meet

---

## [2016-01-14 11:49] eso

working on documenting purchase process for DLC

2 Cases: Customers & Members
-	Customers purchase DLC to own
-	Members gain access to DLC upon its release as a membership benefit
	-	Access to DLC is lost if membership lapses
	-	Members can purchase DLC to own

PURCHASE FLOW

	CUSTOMER
		-	Purchase the product
		-	Congratulations!
		// is this a dialog, or is this accomplished by taking players to the DLC collection UI after transaction complete?
			-	Describe DLC intro quest
			-	Allow player to accept DLC intro quest
		-	Remind player that DLC quests can be started from the Collection screen at any time
		// could this reminder be integrated into the Player menu?
		// a tooltip (from the Crown Store menu item) ?
		// a dedicated information area integrated into the menu list itself?


	MEMBER
		-	Product is released
		// is this a dialog or announcement?
		// instead could this information be integrated into the Player Menu?
		-	New member benefits!
			-	line item: DLC product unlocked
			-	Remind player that DLC quests can be started from the Collection screen at any time
		-	Unlock Permanently
			-	Option available in collections UI
			-	Option available in Store UI: DLC category
		-	Membership Lapsed
			-	opportunity to renew membership now
			-	can unlock content permanently to keep playing

NEW-NESS
The player menu reacts when new products have been pushed to the store since the previous login
-	The store has been updated with new products
-	Expiration of limited time offers shouldn't affect new-ness

The New flag stays visible until all new items have been looked at.
-	However, we want brand-new items to look different than items youve just not looked at yet
-	So, the new flag has 2 states: brand new, and new (or dim)

New-ness carries over to product tiles
-	New product tiles should look visually distinct
-	Update the product framing template to accomodate

3024-001080-2747


For Customers
the Store Menu Item shows the NEW flag
For Members, the Collections Menu Item shows the NEW flag

---

## [2016-01-17 14:29] eso

working on presentation for Monady meeting
x	User Stories
x	Flow diagram
-	Announcement Dialog
-	Get Started

---

## [2016-01-17 19:18] eso

working out details of revised announcements for PC

---

## [2016-01-18 14:25] eso

Need to Know:
-	what are the rules behind sorting items in the feature category
-	do the items in the feature category match what is shown in the product announcement dialog

---

## [2016-01-18 14:51] eso

Taking a look at existing DLC presentation in game

---

## [2016-01-18 15:09] eso

tooltips for bundle thumbnails already work the way all store stooltips should behave.
just provide reference of that behavior to complete animatic task

---

## [2016-01-18 15:11] eso

CONSOLE
cant tell the difference between ESO Plus Unlocked Items and others
cant tell differenc ebetween bundles and items
Member unlocked DLC is shown as Purchasable although its already owned
Crown store presence should only lead to conversion -> Purchase or Unlock Permanent
	-	If I cant take an action on the content it shouldnt be shown or should be shown as dim (similar to the way purchased items are shown dim)
How are accepted DLC quests appearing in the Quest journal? in the Quest Tracker?

---

## [2016-01-18 17:25] eso

worked on cleaning up console design for big product tile
needs further work
doing same for PC

---

## [2016-01-19 00:11] deepdreamvisionquest

studying the deep dream code. have been doing so fairly seriously for the past few days.
reacquainting myself with the environment. understanding it better

net.blobs['data']  	# input image is stored (caffe format) in network's data blob2026-02-16

net.blobs[end]		# destination layer (end = layer name)
src					# input image (instance of net.blobs['data'])
src.data
src.data[:]
src.data[0]			# image data apparently stored here?
src.diff[0]			# back propagated error correction matrix (2D)
detail				# an image array created to draw network produced detail
octave_base			# the image contained in the octave currently computed
dst					# the neural layer identified as the end layer
dst.diff[:]			# assumed to be the 2D neural weights & structure of the end layer (?)
dst.data
octave_base			# the current image stage (octave) being dreamed upon



images in OpenCV are Numpy arrays

blob (binary large object) often used to multimedia data types such as images and audio

thinking about arrays more clearly:

for an array with shape (2,2,3): 	2 layers of (2,3) 				= 12 items
for an array with shape (2,3): 		2 layers of a list of 3 items 	= 6 items
for an array with shape (3):		a list of 3 items 				= 3 items

reshape method allows the number of dimensions and the size of each dimension to be changed as long as the total number of array elements remains the same

---

## [2016-01-19 00:11] spirit animal

studying the deep dream code. have been doing so fairly seriously for the past few days.
reacquainting myself with the environment. understanding it better

net.blobs['data']  	# input image is stored (caffe format) in network's data blob
net.blobs[end]		# destination layer (end = layer name)
src					# input image (instance of net.blobs['data'])
src.data
src.data[:]
src.data[0]			# image data apparently stored here?
src.diff[0]			# back propagated error correction matrix (2D)
detail				# an image array created to draw network produced detail
octave_base			# the image contained in the octave currently computed
dst					# the neural layer identified as the end layer
dst.diff[:]			# assumed to be the 2D neural weights & structure of the end layer (?)
dst.data
octave_base			# the current image stage (octave) being dreamed upon



images in OpenCV are Numpy arrays

blob (binary large object) often used to multimedia data types such as images and audio

thinking about arrays more clearly:

for an array with shape (2,2,3): 	2 layers of (2,3) 				= 12 items
for an array with shape (2,3): 		2 layers of a list of 3 items 	= 6 items
for an array with shape (3):		a list of 3 items 				= 3 items

reshape method allows the number of dimensions and the size of each dimension to be changed as long as the total number of array elements remains the same

---

## [2016-01-19 23:25] eso

have updated layout scheme and navigation for big product tiles (DLC)
not as heavy as they were previously

---

## [2016-01-20 12:01] eso

increase fidelity of rectangles now

---

## [2016-01-20 15:51] eso

have mocked up an alternate approach to bundled product tiles for console UI
-	swap in alternative product art to get more diversity
-	what's up with those DLC product layouts?

x	Featured Page
	x	DLC Carousel
-	DLC Page
	-	DLC List
-	Other contexts/roles
	-	Announcement Dialog
	-	Collections/DLC UI

---

## [2016-01-21 10:46] eso

continuing work on Special items look Special
(The presentation of DLC in the Crown Store)
-	setup design review for Monday
-	setup bundling design review (for Monday)
	-	go over instant unlocks
	-	go over bundle preview

---

## [2016-01-21 11:02] eso

chatting w Doug about bundled instant unlocks in a bit

---

## [2016-01-21 11:23] eso

making product tile variations w new art assets

---

## [2016-01-21 13:31] eso

doing some cleanup in confluence movbing older docs into my workspace
creating stub docs for DLC product Tile work

Unified interaction design for PC & gamepad
Emphasize visual priority and readability to drive sales (Special items look special)

---

## [2016-01-21 14:14] eso

wrote some copy for confluence design doc - goals

---

## [2016-01-21 14:28] eso

I setup a recurring one on one w Rich

---

## [2016-01-21 14:41] eso

design doc must also capture these: product tile states
for sale
ready (rent or own)
active (started)
locked

---

## [2016-01-21 17:16] eso

how should content on the dlc page be listed?
what is the purpose of this list
contains at least two kinds of items:
DLC content
DLC bundles

---

## [2016-01-21 17:19] eso

Do I as a member have to pay for a bundle of somethiung I already have as a member benefit?
For exampl3e, if I'm renting Imperial City, can I buy the imperial city bundle?

---

## [2016-01-21 18:00] eso

The best way to handle that use case is to show the bundled item in its actual state (owned/member benefit within the bundle )
Bundle state isn't inherited from bundled items
Items in a bundle aren't individually actionable

---

## [2016-01-22 10:25] eso

playing on dev, cant get BVT to run wo crashing

---

## [2016-01-22 10:31] eso

-	take a picture of existing use cases
	-	crown store featured
	-	crown store dlc
	-


Special Items look Special

---

## [2016-01-22 21:37] eso

replace special product offer art
show special offer in special offer category
PC design

---

## [2016-01-24 14:51] eso

finishimng up console design
not sure how to apply same to PC. there are size restrictions

---

## [2016-01-24 15:04] eso

Orsinium
Come to the homeland of the Orcs in Tamriel Ulimited's first new PvE quest content DLC! Help King Hurog rebuild the city of Orsinium, and watch its walls and towers rise due to your deeds. Includes new armorm weapons a solo challenge arena and more!

BY PURCHASING THIS PRODUCT YOU WILL PERMANENTLY UNLOCK THE DLC COLLECTIBLES GIVING YOU FULL OWNERSHIP THE CONTENT INCLUDED EVEN IF YOUR ESO PLUS MEMBERSHIP LAPSES.

PURCHASE OF THIS PRODUCT INCLUDES CONTENT THAT HAS ALREADY BEEN UNLOCKED

Take home the Orsinium DLC along with a Cave Bear Mount and her Cub, plus 5 Experience scrolls!

---

## [2016-01-24 18:50] eso

finished confluence doc for console design

---

## [2016-01-25 10:32] eso

working on PC DLC presentation
more ideas this am than yesterday
review pushed back to wed due to absences at the studio

THE HAMMERFELL CAMEL MOUNT
THE KINDLESPIT DRAGON FROG PET
5 EXPERIENCE SCROLLS

---

## [2016-01-25 12:06] eso

Gary Boodhoo (12:46 PM):
Windows BitLocker Drive Encryption is requesting a PIN for the HD
Colin Doyle (12:47 PM):
Tr@v3lT!me

zos password
M@rtyJ@n3tty

VPN for laptop
gboodhoo-nbk

---

## [2016-01-25 13:33] eso

Dark Brotherhood
Every DLC Bundle
Imperial City
OrsiniumOrsinium DLC Collector's Bundle
Thieves Guild
Thieves Guild Collectors Edition

---

## [2016-01-25 18:43] eso

Finishing up PC design
- add tooltips
- add actions

bundling meeting is at 5p EST (2p tomorrow)
will work on that documentation in the am

When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? What? We’re not at all alike! The Federation’s gone; the Borg is everywhere! Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns.

Daedric forces have taken the Imperial City and all three alliances vie to take it back. Experience hours of all-new PvP and PvE gameplay, both above ground and below, plus two new dungeons, never before seen monsters, craftable item sets, and more!

---

## [2016-01-25 20:28] eso

designs posted to confluence

---

## [2016-01-25 22:11] eso

putting together FW doc for bundle design work

---

## [2016-01-25 22:20] deepdreamvisionquest

what happens if you run rem.py right now?

---

## [2016-01-25 22:20] spirit animal

what happens if you run rem.py right now?

---

## [2016-01-26 09:30] eso

updating bundle desigtn for 2p meeting
-	convey number of items in gamepad bundle preview
-	bundled instant unlocks
-	bundles vs. items

---

## [2016-01-26 12:04] eso

Bobby needs text chat documentation - collate, and send his way

---

## [2016-01-28 12:32] eso

Crown Store Q2 Goals Meeting
what do we need to get in before update 10 Dark Brotherhood
captured on Yuting's Crown Store Page

---

