# Raw Entries for February 2016

**Total Entries:** 68
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2016-02-01 10:26] eso

Yuting is out today, VOIP didnt happen for SCRUM. Call the incident out and setup a backup for when Yuting is away. SCRUM is more important to me remotely than when I was physically there.

---

## [2016-02-01 15:33] eso

working on invoice
PO 1006492
deliver to accounts.payable@zenimax.om
with copy to ap@zenimax.om

---

## [2016-02-02 16:36] eso

ESO PLUS category on console should be placed on the left side of the FEATURED catagory

---

## [2016-02-03 10:08] eso

cleaned up confluence workspace
working on Crown Gem product page

---

## [2016-02-03 10:16] eso

Which of the following postures does the Crown Gem Store take:
-	new category in Crown Store
	-
-	seperate screen
-	connected to Loot Crate UI

Product Lines - what are they? are they a thing? How do players relate to this idea? How did I relate to this concept when I was looking for cool costumes?

---

## [2016-02-03 11:19] eso

what is the name of the page
Gem Store - implies that it sells gems
What is special about the items sold there?
They're exclusive items that are no longer offered
They're exclusive items that are being brought back into a vanity catalog
exclusive limited licensed private segregated swank posh unique classy countryclub peculiar

---

## [2016-02-03 11:26] eso

- document visual revisions to store typography as part of this design task

---

## [2016-02-03 11:41] eso

To discuss w Rich
- follow up on invoice submission
	- ZOS signoff?
	- is the team satisfied with the work I'm doing?
- have setup weekly 1 on 1 with Lee
- engineering is figuring out implementation of bundling and DLC product improvement

---

## [2016-02-03 14:14] eso

taking a look at crown store category order to support insertion of the new "Exclusives" category

---

## [2016-02-03 16:15] eso

icon cleanup, creating crown gem icon

---

## [2016-02-03 16:50] eso

- where do I buy loot crates? The same exclusives section?

---

## [2016-02-04 08:12] eso

Loot Crates
- premium stuff (epic items)
- expired items
- discontinued items

membership benefits
-	gain a crown gem everyu month
- how to communicate that gain to players

---

## [2016-02-04 09:21] eso

met with Lee this am, he sent over some SWTOR reference material that looks useful in general
I want to take a look at other game stores
-	SWTOR
-	Planetside

---

## [2016-02-05 09:40] eso

loot crates to be sold in units of 25
what to do about inventory space when a player gains so many things?

---

## [2016-02-05 10:18] eso

DEV
Crown Store
Crown Crates

---

## [2016-02-05 10:58] eso

claim prizes
we were just holding it for you! (the crown gem i)


card treatment - can flip over to reveal "

work w doug to clean up viszual
"
crown gem currency icon - multiple states - few. many, lots

---

## [2016-02-06 15:01] eso

possible to create the simplest flowchart of the loot crate experience ?
what parts are you unable to chart
- CREATE SUBTASK: crown gem experience flow chart
	- how valuable are they?
	- where do I get them?
	- where do I spend them?
	- how do they accumulate?
	- how do I know how many I have?
	- how do I get more?
	- what's special about exclusive items?
	- how do I know which exclusive items I can afford
	- what happens if I try to claim an exclusive I cant afford
	- what happens if I try to claim an exclusive item that's a duplicate of something I already own
	- what happens after I claim an exlusive item for crown gems
		- where does the item go?
		- can I change my mind?
	- what happens if I was rewarded some crown gems - how would I know?

---

## [2016-02-09 09:03] eso

FEB10 for 10% off orders

---

## [2016-02-09 09:36] eso

SWTOR
Cartel coins
Cartel packs

---

## [2016-02-09 09:50] eso

does crown balance really need to be shown on the player menu?
what about crown gems?

---

## [2016-02-09 09:50] eso

analyzing SWTOR Cartel market system now

---

## [2016-02-09 10:18] eso

create updated product tile specification document
-revised typography

ah - its already listed as a task.

My goal is to get the product page laid out and see what emerges. Already looking at SWTOR there are some ideas I'd like to explore further
- store specific botification system attached to player menu

---

## [2016-02-09 11:26] eso

Discussion topics for this afternoons sync-up
Ongoing work
Research and gameplay for SWTOR, Hearthstone, as examples of layout, messaging, notification and flow
UX sketches, presentation work in progress
Confluence stub page



Create a unique Page on the crown store to incorporate these functions
- What is the name of this page? Exclusives? COuntry Club? Redemption?
- expose purchase of loot crate
- show relative worth of loot crates
- show accumulation of crown gems
- provide scalable navigation with subcategorization for exclusive items
- design exclusive item product tile
- design exclusive item tooltip - communicate value and restriction
- provide choice for immediate entry into loot crate UI
- identify common gating conditions
	- Inventory full
	- Duplicate item
	- Instant unlock limit
- what happens after I claim an exlusive item?
		- where does the item go?
		- Is there value in haviung a dedicated crown store notification system
			- using game message type notifications does not place enough emphasis on the outcomes of currency transactions.
		- After transaction complete can I enter the relevant UI (Collections) on tra
	- what happens if I was rewarded some crown gems - how would I know?

---

## [2016-02-09 12:18] eso

sync up w Jason daily

what is the exchange rate for crown gems to items?<>wha
- expressing itemization as small, medium, large or good, better, best

---

## [2016-02-09 16:16] eso

did some exploratory work on console product tiles - visual cleanup
have sketched out the use cases I identified in the functionasl spec.

---

## [2016-02-10 11:07] eso

iterated further upon new product tile layout

---

## [2016-02-10 12:06] eso

started design sketch in powerpoint

---

## [2016-02-10 15:19] eso

more layout tweaks to updated product tiles

---

## [2016-02-10 15:21] eso

Looking over the overview for directions on what to do next

Create a unique Page on the crown store to incorporate these functions

What's the name of the page? Where do I find it
x	Exclusives? Country Club? Redemption? Loot Store?

Loot Crates
x	How do I buy loot crates
-	How do I know which loot crates are the best ones

Crown Gem
Show accumulation of crown gems
-	Progression from good to better to best

Navigation grid with support for subcategorization

Itemization
-	what is the exchange rate for crown gems to exclusive items?
	-	express itemization in tiers (good, better, best)
-	what does it look like if items are categorized by type instead of value?

Product Tile
-	What makes a product tile Exclusive?

Product Tooltip
-	Show product history?

Closing the sale
-	Show Transaction Complete dialog that offers choice to open loot crate or exit
-	where does the item go when I buy it
	-	go to item
	-	equip item
	-	use item
	-	swap mount
	-	swap pet

Identify common gating conditions
-	Inventory full
-	Duplicate item
-	Instant unlock limit

Notifications
-	What happens if I am rewarded with some crown gems - how would I know?
	-	Using game message type notifications does not place proper emphasis on the outcome of currency transactions
	-	Identify use cases for a dedicated crown store notification system

---

## [2016-02-11 09:50] eso

grabbed some of Jason's assets. continuing work on product page design

---

## [2016-02-11 22:03] eso

2 kinds of Loot Crate
- Daily Packages
	- Intended to drive players to the Crown Store on a regular basis
	- The Daily Package can be purchased for free once a day
	- When the Player has a daily package available for pickup the UI should call this out
- Crown Crates
	- provide players an avenue for getting exclusive Crown Products
	- Crown Crates will be offered in 1x, 5x, 10x, and 50x bundles

Crown Store, Gem Section
showcase all of the in season items as well as the discontinued items
Out of season items will not appear for purchase and will only reappear when they are back in season.
In addition, variants of some of the more desirable Mounts, Pets, and Costumes will be available through the Crown Gem section of the store exclusively. An example of this would be a Nightmare Courser variant with blue flames instead of red flames.

---

## [2016-02-12 09:50] eso

VPN connectivity issues. cant waste any more timne with this. IT has been notified by Yuting

---

## [2016-02-12 09:50] eso

finishing up crown gem product page design

---

## [2016-02-12 11:04] eso

Review postponed to next week. Loot Crate design is entirely up in the air at this time, but I feel the Crown Store portion of it has basic elements that are independent of any design. Certainly some subtasks emerged from my work on it - most notably a redsign of the product carousel.

---

## [2016-02-12 16:52] eso

posted Crown Gem Product page work to Confluence, and notified group

---

## [2016-02-15 15:02] eso

Crown Store Product page meeting postponed until later this week. Continuing some work on the product grid.

---

## [2016-02-15 17:12] eso

New product grid for PC store - am refining further as I test against existing screens. Definitely more readable. Better.><

---

## [2016-02-16 11:38] eso

starting work on Search. posting doc to confluence and setting up design review

---

## [2016-02-16 12:15] eso

Should crown consumables be mixed in with the general population?
-	If so - how do they look different than regular products?
can be sold by external vendors? NO

---

## [2016-02-16 13:00] eso

Pain Points that currently have Crown Store Offerings

The player dies and they do not have a valid Soul Gem to resurrect - Crown Soul Gem

The player fills their bag to capacity – Crown Bag Space Upgrade

The player fills their bank to capacity – Crown Bank Space Upgrade

The player has a Crafting Style selected, but does not have any of the appropriate style items  in their inventory/bank - Crown Mimic Stone

The player is at a respec shrine (Skill/Attribute), but does not have enough gold to commit the respect – Crown Attribute/Skill Respec Scroll

The player's gear has degraded to a point in which it is no longer viable for combat and they don't have enough gold or repair kits to repair it - Crown Repair Kit

The player’s weapon enchantment has depleted and they do not have a valid Soul Gem to charge it - Crown Soul Gem

The player visits a stable and doesn’t have enough gold to purchase a mount – Crown Mounts

The player visits a stable and is on cooldown for when they can next upgrade their mount Crown Riding Lessons

---

## [2016-02-17 12:16] eso

Lee mentions that exclusive items will be grouped by tiers 1-6
That's what the product sorting should capture

---

## [2016-02-17 16:13] eso

Working on gamepad search until 5p

Where do I find the "Search" function
How do I enter data:
- PC Gamepad
- XB1
- PS4
I want to search for something else
I'm done searching
Search results: Categorization
Search results: Bundled Items

---

## [2016-02-17 17:27] eso

Have woreked out details of gamepad search. Bundled ityems as search results remains an interesting opportunity. I don't want to overdesign this.
- interesting idea occurred to me though - that is that we could be hiliting search terms in item tooltips.
- that's what I meant by overdesigning actually

---

## [2016-02-18 11:31] eso

Jason mentioned that search can return exclusive items
you might not have even been aware of thdeir existence or valuer

---

## [2016-02-18 15:08] eso

interesting developments in crown store search. Search results can be presented as a list of text instead of product tiles. PC search behaves as a filter, players still have to click through categories in the store instead of seeing all search results at once.



search for: Elf
DLC
-	Every DLC Bundle ("elf" must be in a product description somewhere?)
	-	Some DLC bundle
		-	bundled item matches "elf"
	-	Elf Bundle (product title matches "elf")
COSTUMES
-	ADVENTURE WEAR
	-	Woodland Scouts Pack
		-	Dominion scouts costume
		-	Jaqspur costume
		-	Wood elf vanguard costume
-	CULTURAL GARB
	-	Doeskin and Chamois Woods Wear
	-	Majestic Dune Rider Ensemble
CRAFTING
-	ALLIANCE STYLES
	-	Crown Motif Pack: Dominion Races
		- (bundled) Crown Crafting motifs: Wood Elf
		- (bundled) Crown Crafting motifs: Altmer
	-	Crown Motif Pack: Pact Races
		- (bundled) Crown Crafting Motifs: Dunmer
-	EXOTIC STYLES
	-	Crown Motif: Ancient Elf
		-	Crown Crafting Motifs: Ancient Elf
	-	Crown Motif Pack: Rare Styles
		-	Crown Crafting Motifs: Ancient Elf



Every DLC Bundle
Woodland Scouts Pack
Doeskin and Chamois Wood Wear
Majestic Dune Rider Ensemble
Crown Motif Pack: Dominion Races
Crown Motif Pack: Pact Races
Crown Motif: Ancient Elf
Crown Motif Pack: Rare Styles



Crown Crafting motifs: Altmer
	Crown Motif Pack: Dominion Races
Crown Crafting Motifs: Ancient Elf
	Crown Motif: Ancient Elf
	Crown Motif Pack: Rare Styles
Crown Crafting Motifs: Dunmer
	Crown Motif Pack: Pact Races
Crown Crafting Motifs: Wood Elf
	Crown Motif Pack: Dominion Races
Doeskin and Chamois Wood Wear
Dominion scouts costume
	Woodland Scouts Pack
Elf Bundle
	Every DLC Bundle
Jaqspur costume
	Woodland Scouts Pack
Majestic Dune Rider Ensemble
Some Other DLC Bundle
	Every DLC Bundle
Wood elf vanguard costume
	Woodland Scouts Pack

Crown Motif: Ancient Elf
	Crown Crafting Motifs: Ancient Elf
Crown Motif Pack: Dominion Races
	Crown Crafting motifs: Altmer
	Crown Crafting Motifs: Wood Elf
	Crown Crafting Motifs: Khajiit
Crown Motif Pack: Pact Races
	Crown Crafting Motifs: Dunmer
Crown Motif Pack: Rare Styles
	Crown Crafting Motifs: Ancient Elf
Doeskin and Chamois Wood Wear
Every DLC Bundle
	Imperial City
Majestic Dune Rider Ensemble
Woodland Scouts Pack
	Dominion scouts costume
	Jaqspur costume
	Wood elf vanguard costume

---

## [2016-02-18 18:31] eso

good wireframe for PC search behavior



Search provides a different view into the store. Customers are actively seeking instead of browsing. The redesigned feature supports this by aggregating content instead of categorizing
Show actionable bundled relationships

Bundled relationships
Create purchase opportunities in search results
The search algorithm is thorough in finding keyword matches. In cases where a bundled item matches the keyword, the entire product bundle is returned as a search result. Within that bundle you can sometimes find a product that is independently purchasable. It appears elsewhere in the store. Its also inside this bundle. This particular product might not even match the search keyword - it just happens to be inside a bundle that does match the keyword. We call these actionable bundled items. Including them in our search results creates an opportunity for purchase and also discovery.





The feature empasizes discovery as well as findability. The new text-based item listing shows products as an easy to read flat list.

Enforce the town regulations of Abah's Landing, or just look like you could, in this selection of guard's garb inspiured by Yokudan designs

contains:
Abah's Watch Night Patrol
Abah's Watch Pursuit Suit
Abah's Watch Full Armor

---

## [2016-02-18 21:52] eso

posted PC search design to confluence.
Pushed design review to next Tuesday

---

## [2016-02-19 09:27] eso

discussed revised search design w Ben. He described it as "interesting" Seems to like it. Posed good question about adding link tyo chat functionality. I added a placeholder to the PC design page for later editing

---

## [2016-02-19 09:28] eso

new password is a bit easier to remember:
[REDACTED]

---

## [2016-02-22 10:00] eso

starting work on gamepad search. two ideas in mind. the complication is around how to access the search feature. Probably other issues will surface around the search results.

---

## [2016-02-22 10:21] eso

- read through new crown gem design (posted by email last Friday)
looks ok*

---

## [2016-02-22 17:51] eso

finished console search design, just checking the game for tooltip text

BUNDLE
Enforce the town regilations of Abah's Landing or just look like you could in this selection of guard's garb inspired by Yokudan designs
- ABAH'S WATCH NIGHT PATROL
- ABAH'S WATCH PURSUIT SUIT
- ABAH'S WATCH FULL ARMOR

---

## [2016-02-22 19:22] eso

wrapping up for today. have added frames to Powerpoint along w PC design. Going to present from that.
- meeting is at 11:30a PST
x finalize presentation
x Update Confluence doc with slides from presentation

---

## [2016-02-23 09:50] eso

high level design goal audit (for discussion w Rich)
- unified cros-platform layout & behavior
- special items are special
- I want what I want now
- product pages not product grids
- indexed search = ambient findability
- nice product announcements

---

## [2016-02-23 10:21] eso

add subtask crown gem store
- deconstruct colle

---

## [2016-02-23 12:28] eso

Add to design doc:
- show item list as product tiles in a slide on the confluence docs
- PC
- Gamepad

---

## [2016-02-24 10:48] eso

CONFIRM PURCHASE

- What does this dialog know
	- the product you want to purchase
		- any bundled content in the product
		- product cost
		- product icons
			- for inventory items
			- for collectible items

- If the dialog was a screen what would it inherit?
	- buy crowns prompt
	- continue shopping prompt (returns to store)
	- product grid
		- show purchased item product tile
		- show bundled content product tiles
		- tooltip suppot

- What does this dialog do?
	- confirm begins transaction flow
	- exit returns to the store

	PC
	- confirm begins transaction flow
		- confirm purchase
		- transaction complete
			- purchase fanfare
				-center screen announce
		- remain in store
			- update player crown balance
			- update purchased product state

	PC-GAMEPAD
	- confirm begins transaction flow
		- confirm purchase dialog
			- hide store
			- show character idle
		- transaction complete
			- purchase fanfare
				-center screen announce
					- cycle through bundled products
		- return to store
			- update player crown balance
			- update purchased product state

---

## [2016-02-24 11:26] eso

One of the biggest issues at zenimax is the constant state of distraction, it becomes hard to focus on things unless you choose to go off schedule. What worked for me, and what worked for the project was that I took a stand and had definite opinions that I pitched a sold regularly.

---

## [2016-02-24 12:36] eso

quality time w Powerpoint, but its a nice template!

---

## [2016-02-25 15:26] eso

what are the current tile sizes?
- DLC Bundle
- Bundle (wide)
- Bundle (small)
- Product

---

## [2016-02-25 15:40] eso

currently we assume 2 tile sizes on CONSOLE
DLC/DLC Bundle
Produt/Product Bundle

---

## [2016-02-25 19:41] eso

- current flow
- new screen
- new flow (internal purchase)
- new flow (external purchase)
- accessing the landing page externally
- transaction complete: open/activate/begin purchased content

---

## [2016-02-26 16:59] eso

I've worked out a confirm purchase screen design for console

---

## [2016-02-26 17:35] eso

There will be some issues with the PC layout maybe? The product will appear to shift position on the confirm purchase screen. big deal?

---

## [2016-02-28 22:31] eso

PC design required a bit more thinking...
- export updated console design
- updated confluence (console)
- add use cases for PC design
- update confluence (PC)

---

## [2016-02-29 10:20] eso

need to get costume categories PC

---

## [2016-02-29 10:39] eso

building out PC design pretty smoothly. should be done with this in an hour

---

## [2016-02-29 12:39] eso

Ive turned the Confirm Purchase dialog into a screen so that it can be a destination
This construct serves as a product landing page
I'm using different language for prompts:
	- Place your order
	- order total (cost)

Scalability
-	support purchase with multiple currencies
-	support purchase of multiple items (shopping cart)
-	increased visibility into "social" items

---

