# Raw Entries for March 2017

**Total Entries:** 205
**Projects:** deepdreamvisionquest, eso, spirit animal

---

## [2017-03-01 14:21] eso

Setting up dev environment on macbook now

git config --global user.name "Gary Boodhoo"
git config --global user.email "gboodhoo@gmail.com"

gitlab
gboodhoo@gmail.com
Helvetica99

git credential-osxkeychain usage: git credential-osxkeychain <get|store|erase>

curl -O http://github-media-downloads.s3.amazonaws.com/osx/git-credential-osxkeychain
sudo mv git-credential-osxkeychain /usr/local/bin/

ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "gboodhoo@gmail.com"

http://zicplfz10web061.z10.zenimaxonline.com/skinjester/cmty-cms.git

git clone git@zicplfz10web061.z10.zenimaxonline.com:skinjester/cmty-frontend.git

---

## [2017-03-02 09:46] eso

stood up updated design for Marketing page 1200px view. Spending some time generating the mobile view for presentation later today

---

## [2017-03-02 11:45] eso

finishing up mobile layout

---

## [2017-03-03 09:45] eso

Will is deconstructing my design work into bootstrap template. Eager to see the results. We will follow up later

- UI team lunch
	x sent email invite
- conversation w Matt F
	x sent email to setup conversation
- dev environment setup

---

## [2017-03-03 09:51] eso

dedicating today for dev setup

---

## [2017-03-03 11:10] eso

updated marketing page design based on Jared's feedback.Minor changes

---

## [2017-03-03 11:11] eso

http://zicplfz10web061.z10.zenimaxonline.com/skinjester/cmty-frontend.git

---

## [2017-03-03 15:55] eso

ok great, sourcetree is working as expected, moving on to setting up local server

cmty.zenimaxonline.com

---

## [2017-03-03 16:42] eso

omg its working. I'm running the site locally

---

## [2017-03-06 09:41] eso

preparing metrics for updated marketing page ≠design

---

## [2017-03-06 12:35] eso

cleaned up Medium view (tablet)
will do same for extra large view
figure out how to communicate these block lyouts in the simple quick way

---

## [2017-03-06 19:05] eso

created basic layout for extra large view
needs visual tweaks to normalize presentation at this scale

---

## [2017-03-06 20:42] eso

adjusting spacing in all views so no overlaps (easier to describe design this way)

---

## [2017-03-07 07:04] eso

completed all layouts
extralarge layout needs additional typography (text size needs to scale up)
getting started on markuup for all other cases. How little can I provide to get the point across?
-	section heights
-	text offsets

---

## [2017-03-07 08:52] eso

I've figured out a simpler markup for Will to get the design into the ballpark - I'll make detailed edits myself
ESO: MORROWIND - FAITH IN THE SHADOW OF RED MOUNTAIN

THE TEXT STRING SHOWN HERE MIGHT CONTINUE TO THE NEXT LINE BUT WILL BECOME TRUNCATED...

---

## [2017-03-07 16:49] eso

posted all comps to the confluence doc and updated body copy there. need to speak w William B about how he is implementing the content blocks because I think the masking needs to be independent of the image, or a seperate image per viewpoint (with baked in masking) may be needed. The mask is being drawn from the center of the image

---

## [2017-03-08 11:14] eso

spoke with William B about layout goals
I've modified the marketing page on confluence to capture the design better. It calls out the sign up block (which is consistent in all views) and the anatomy of a content block - which was a useful reference for talking about the implementation details.
Iave posted metrics for XLaRGE and LARGE views, currently working on the XSMALL view. Figured out a non-verbose metghod for expressing the details.

Apparently some feedback from marketing on the layout - vague at best. I think it has to do with vertical spacing issues mainly and the image gallery. I sent out an email to start a conversation around that topic.

---

## [2017-03-08 15:41] eso

setting up project file to use uniformly scaled background assets.
continuing work on marking up the design spec. Its extreme perhaps, but I need to know that its controllable at this level and figure out how I can fit into iterative changes

---

## [2017-03-09 08:25] eso

Will & Greg will be providing test pages for me to review & refine

---

## [2017-03-09 08:28] eso

notes for 1:1 w Shawn
He's done complete analysis of device viewports and pointed out the most common use cases.
- I can set custom configs for these in Chrome Developer Tools

He points out increased popularity of larger screens
- I will show him the current marketing design
-	Discuss marketing issues
-	Discuss how I've solved those issues
-	Discuss how William B is creating the page
-	point out the XLARGE layout in confluence

---

## [2017-03-10 09:21] eso

reviewing my setup to make local changes to current marketing page

---

## [2017-03-10 09:26] eso

SETUP NOTES

to start the local server:
php artisan serve --host cmty.zenimaxonline.com
-- Laravel development server started on http://cmty.zenimaxonline.com:8000

get the SASS compiler running so that it watches for changes
sass --watch app/assets:public/assets/css


open the server URL in browser

I'm not seeing all the changes I expected to locally. The RGBA images are there, but not seeing structural changes to the page

Git:
git add (filename)
git commit -m "message"
git push origin master

git fetch upstream
git checkout master
git merge upstream/master

---

## [2017-03-10 10:53] eso

messed around in sourcetree for a while, not sure if this is right way, but ended up creating a new branch and checking out the upstream/master to that (which contains all current changes) How do I set my master to this?

git clone git@zicplfz10web061.z10.zenimaxonline.com:(USER)/(application).git
git clone git@zicplfz10web061.z10.zenimaxonline.com/skinjester/cmty-frontend.git

---

## [2017-03-12 15:53] deepdreamvisionquest

rethinking some ideas for the L.A.S.T Festival exhibit

---

## [2017-03-12 15:53] spirit animal

rethinking some ideas for the L.A.S.T Festival exhibit

---

## [2017-03-14 14:59] deepdreamvisionquest

Its working again, but had to wipe everything. The program was behaving strangely on this new machine. Described above. Despite dreading it, I reinstalled Linux and then the deep learning dev environment. Refined the notes I've been keeping on this. Maybe some new advantages. OpenCV is now at v3.2. I compiled it with option to do linear algebra with Cuda library. It seems faster. but hard to say definitively

---

## [2017-03-14 14:59] spirit animal

Its working again, but had to wipe everything. The program was behaving strangely on this new machine. Described above. Despite dreading it, I reinstalled Linux and then the deep learning dev environment. Refined the notes I've been keeping on this. Maybe some new advantages. OpenCV is now at v3.2. I compiled it with option to do linear algebra with Cuda library. It seems faster. but hard to say definitively

---

## [2017-03-14 15:43] deepdreamvisionquest

GOALS
CODELOCK
HARDWARE
INSTALLATION
UNINSTALLATION

---

## [2017-03-14 15:43] spirit animal

GOALS
CODELOCK
HARDWARE
INSTALLATION
UNINSTALLATION

---

## [2017-03-15 08:18] eso

Speak w Greg about the Ad wrapper. Catch up with him and review his work
Get a list of the articles Dom is working on
- include these on the audit
- where can I read them?

Screenshots
hvault marketing

---

## [2017-03-15 16:52] eso

Having a much harder time understanding this structure than anticipated. is likely I'll need to step through some specifics with William B to make any real progress, however I'm hacking at it to see what I don't know yet

	SASS FILE LOCATIONS
	previously used sass --watch app/assets/scss:public/assets/css to listen for changes to sass files
	Those have been relocated to the app/assets directory
	now using --watch app/assets:public/assets/css
	is this correct?

---

## [2017-03-15 17:26] eso

Unable to connect to gitlab website at the momnent, but verified that I can push changes to my remote

---

## [2017-03-16 06:50] eso

ZOS gitlab server is
http://zicplfz10web061.z10.zenimaxonline.com/

---

## [2017-03-16 07:54] eso

disabled WilliamB's texture anim function. Getting significantly improved performance. How does this script affect site performance in general?

---

## [2017-03-16 10:00] eso

running into issue where I need to add a class to the HTML but not sure how to do so

---

## [2017-03-16 11:27] eso

WilliamB pointed me to the HTML generator at
app/views/site/advanced/page_assets/dlc-newsletter.blade.php

It is slow going, but understanding so much more than yesterday. Have managed to simplify the layout of the newsletter block to "first principles", The idea is to build up from that default case.
x why is there such a large gap underneath the newsletter title and the text entry field?
x why can't I horizontally center an absolute pixel-width block, as in my design?

---

## [2017-03-16 12:05] eso

found the parameters to pull content upward into the hero image areas

---

## [2017-03-16 12:07] eso

I've got a consistent width for the content box handled, how do I center it?

---

## [2017-03-16 22:58] eso

I've done so much and so little. Will look into this further in the am
- why can't I tint the panel the controls are wrapped inside of?
- speak w William B about how to push my changes
- content block sections
	- itemize what's working, what isn't
	- prepare and export PNG images

---

## [2017-03-17 10:35] eso

back into the project.
broad strokes first. refinement later.
review the conrtent blocks. what's happening there?

P1 Title font is wrong
P1 subtitle font may look better bigger and lighter
P1 cleanup format and design for Morrowind summary
P1 adjust vertical offset for content blocks
	- possible to add jquery slider to adjust the CSS parameter dynamically
P2 add tint newsletter content section

P3 fix spacing for arrival text in different viewports
P4 place email + submit button on same line
p3 hover state for sgallery items

How can I show examples, on a single page of different layout styles:
x hero, feature video ('is_video')
x hero, image gallery ('is_images')
x bullet points ('is_bullets')
x hero only
- no hero, feature video
- no hero, image gallery

QUESTIONS:
How can I swap in my own images?
How can I generate my own page layout blocks for demo?

---

## [2017-03-17 15:21] eso

I think the futura instances on dev have been setup wrong

---

## [2017-03-17 16:11] eso

have been doing work on the news item layout, expecting to duplicate for item galleries. Not sure how to setup in git. I think I need to merge the master branch w the newsletter branch

---

## [2017-03-17 22:53] eso

finished cleaning up news section.
need to take a closer look at the futura font import

---

## [2017-03-18 17:13] deepdreamvisionquest

I've sourced a mobile AV cart w some accessories and will be placing that order shortly.

---

## [2017-03-18 17:13] spirit animal

I've sourced a mobile AV cart w some accessories and will be placing that order shortly.

---

## [2017-03-18 17:36] deepdreamvisionquest

can i make it show only fully rendered frames?
well first of all, lets review how it works

---

## [2017-03-18 17:36] spirit animal

can i make it show only fully rendered frames?
well first of all, lets review how it works

---

## [2017-03-18 17:46] eso

meeting w Hilary on Monday to look over site
discuss background treatment w William B & Marc H - need more contrast in the smoky fx
review Greg F current work and compare w Marketing page work.

---

## [2017-03-19 14:44] deepdreamvisionquest

I have the camera transform working in a test project
probably
overthinking.
the goal:
rotate the camera input upon reading it

is this a matter of:
1. creating a wrapper function to extend cv2.VideoCapture.read()
2. decorating the existing function?

---

## [2017-03-19 14:44] spirit animal

I have the camera transform working in a test project
probably
overthinking.
the goal:
rotate the camera input upon reading it

is this a matter of:
1. creating a wrapper function to extend cv2.VideoCapture.read()
2. decorating the existing function?

---

## [2017-03-19 15:06] deepdreamvisionquest

motion detection runs in portrait now

---

## [2017-03-19 15:06] spirit animal

motion detection runs in portrait now

---

## [2017-03-19 21:23] deepdreamvisionquest

getting close. its a bit of a hack.

---

## [2017-03-19 21:23] spirit animal

getting close. its a bit of a hack.

---

## [2017-03-19 21:33] deepdreamvisionquest

hardcoded portrait orientation is working

NEXT STEPS
- study python function decorators
- cleanup camera orientation functionality
	- choose between portrait and landscape at launch
- examine frame export
	- what's it currently doing?
- investigate the functionality of a Memory class
	- stores rendered output in RAM as an array
	- playback rendered output to framebuffer
- guide images
- switch between 2 cameras
	- camera 1 faces faces the viewer and acts as a mirror
	- camera 2 is behind the screen and acts as a window

---

## [2017-03-19 21:33] spirit animal

hardcoded portrait orientation is working

NEXT STEPS
- study python function decorators
- cleanup camera orientation functionality
	- choose between portrait and landscape at launch
- examine frame export
	- what's it currently doing?
- investigate the functionality of a Memory class
	- stores rendered output in RAM as an array
	- playback rendered output to framebuffer
- guide images
- switch between 2 cameras
	- camera 1 faces faces the viewer and acts as a mirror
	- camera 2 is behind the screen and acts as a window

---

## [2017-03-19 22:42] eso

swapped in some new bkg assets for smoky fx. maybe a bit exaggerated

---

## [2017-03-19 23:30] eso

cleaned up news block, moving on to bullets block

---

## [2017-03-20 08:04] eso

cleaned up bullets section, but noticing that the callout image in this section doesn't scale in response to the viewport



- fix bullet section image responsive layout
x cleanup hero area (verify image height for various breakpoints)
	- match layout of arrival date at page bottom with arrival date at page top
	- normalize layout of arrival date text for all breakpoints
- process section images to be rgba PNG files
x find the CSS values that allow content to be vertically offset within section

---

## [2017-03-20 08:25] eso

how do I send the working link to my forked page? I'd done so previously for the vertical slice prototype.
looking at that on gitlab now. it's a pretty straightforward set of HTML pages. But what is the entry point for my recent work?

http://zicplfz10web061.z10.zenimaxonline.com/skinjester/cmty-frontend.git

---

## [2017-03-20 08:31] eso

doing a bit more cleanup before discussing w Will
x image gallery section
x video section

---

## [2017-03-20 09:15] eso

removed all text shadows

completed cleanup to image gallery section

---

## [2017-03-20 09:43] eso

offset content blocs to bleed into hero images

---

## [2017-03-20 10:54] eso

refined layout and format of video section

---

## [2017-03-20 11:03] eso

working on hero area cleanup

---

## [2017-03-20 12:26] eso

normalized height and arrival placement for 1200px+ view

---

## [2017-03-20 16:35] eso

refined cinemagraph height and arrival headline for viewports >= 600px

---

## [2017-03-20 17:39] eso

absolute positioning of the ratings logos is causing layout issues. Sorta solved with multiple breakpoints, but this is fragile. Instead, attaching the logos to the content block. Is there a way to calculate or derive the height of this section automatically?

---

## [2017-03-20 18:06] eso

I think I've figured out a rhythm for the ratings/height layout. sticking to px values where possible

---

## [2017-03-20 19:58] eso

implemented better layout solution for cinemagraph and arrival headline

x cleanup hero area (verify image height for various breakpoints)
	- match layout of arrival date at page bottom with arrival date at page top
	- normalize layout of arrival date text for all breakpoints
- process section images to be rgba PNG files
	- swap in new images
	- swap in a tall image for bullets section
- fix bullet section image responsive layout
- fix video section responsive layout
- fix image section responsive layout

x ask Will how to stage edits to dev tomorrow
- send dev page to Bethesda, ZOS stakeholder
	- Hilary
	- AJ
	- Jared
	- Matt F
	- Jo
	- Shawn Lindsey

---

## [2017-03-21 08:09] eso

worked w William B to merge my changes to staging. It worked. Some immediate fixes
- page header image height
- reduce speed of parallax

there are subtle changes to the universal nav as a result of my font edits. Not sure if this is cached data? It doesnt appear tyo happen predictably. investigate further later

---

## [2017-03-21 09:30] eso

fixed header img layout issue
adjusted scrolling rate

---

## [2017-03-21 09:57] eso

getting ready to merge again

---

## [2017-03-21 10:07] eso

submitted merge request as before. How do I know when its been accepted?

---

## [2017-03-21 10:10] eso

the background textures look pretty different (color corrected?) in Safari than Chrome

---

## [2017-03-21 10:20] eso

something went strangely w that merge

---

## [2017-03-21 10:31] eso

or did it?some time passed and now I see the changes I made on dev

---

## [2017-03-21 10:39] eso

need to wrapup this worksession
outcome: share work in progress w stakeholders

- replace sample image with a better one
- create 3-up image gallery
	- how do I replace the images here?
- replace bullet image with morrowind promo img

---

## [2017-03-21 13:58] eso

RETURN TO MORROWIND
Explore the iconic island of Vvardenfell
A NEW CLASS
The Warden, with nature-based magic and a War Bear combat ally
A NEW PVP MODE
Battlegrounds – small-scale, three team, 4v4v4 battles in arena-like environments
AN EPIC NEW ELDER SCROLLS STORY
700 years prior to TESIII, help Vivec save the world
A NEW TRIAL
A fresh 12-person Trial to prove your skills

---

## [2017-03-21 14:24] eso

having issues updating content on the page
- ask Greg to walk me thru an example
- what am I overlooking? the gfx I upload dont show up.
- is there a way to update so I can see it locally only?

---

## [2017-03-21 21:34] deepdreamvisionquest

I reimplemented the camera capture system as a threaded queue after a bit of sould searching. Not sure what I was expecting to see. Something? Nothing? Is the system behaving more smoothly now? I can't actually tell. Seems largely the same. How would I be able to tell?
Is there a way for me to profile the systems performance?
- avg. iteration time
- octaves/sec
- current calculation time
- last cycle time

---

## [2017-03-21 21:34] spirit animal

I reimplemented the camera capture system as a threaded queue after a bit of sould searching. Not sure what I was expecting to see. Something? Nothing? Is the system behaving more smoothly now? I can't actually tell. Seems largely the same. How would I be able to tell?
Is there a way for me to profile the systems performance?
- avg. iteration time
- octaves/sec
- current calculation time
- last cycle time

---

## [2017-03-21 21:37] deepdreamvisionquest

Is the motion capture not threaded enough? should all of that be happening on a seperate thread? what would be the benefit?
Instead, could it happen on a seperate process?
What if the deepdream computation was happening on a different thread instead, and the output was being queued so that
deepdream.read() would return the next frame in the queue? how woyuld this change the approach to frame buffering?


Python threading doesn't multiprocess - it just makes more efficient use of the CPU
What about the rpyc stuff I'd previously looked at?
The idea is that motion detection and deep dreaming happen in seperate processes
The expected benefit:
computation happens in queues and results fill up a bin
Asynchronous
- decouples display rate from computation rate
display pulls the next available frame from a bin and shows it
may be possible to compute upon bin1.read() + bin2.read()

---

## [2017-03-21 21:37] spirit animal

Is the motion capture not threaded enough? should all of that be happening on a seperate thread? what would be the benefit?
Instead, could it happen on a seperate process?
What if the deepdream computation was happening on a different thread instead, and the output was being queued so that
deepdream.read() would return the next frame in the queue? how woyuld this change the approach to frame buffering?


Python threading doesn't multiprocess - it just makes more efficient use of the CPU
What about the rpyc stuff I'd previously looked at?
The idea is that motion detection and deep dreaming happen in seperate processes
The expected benefit:
computation happens in queues and results fill up a bin
Asynchronous
- decouples display rate from computation rate
display pulls the next available frame from a bin and shows it
may be possible to compute upon bin1.read() + bin2.read()

---

## [2017-03-21 23:14] deepdreamvisionquest

looking at rpyc
reading up on python multiprocessing, which offers similar API as Threading

The multiprocessing module comes with plenty of built-in options for building a parallel application. But the three most basic (and safest) are the Process, Queue and Lock classes.

PROCESS
The Process is an abstraction that sets up another (Python) process, provides it code to run and a way for the parent application to control execution.

from multiprocessing import Process

def say_hello(name='world'):
    print "Hello, %s" % name

p = Process(target=say_hello)
p.start()
p.join()

QUEUES

Queue objects are exactly what they sound like: a thread/process safe, FIFO data structure. They can store any Python object (though simple ones are best) and are extremely useful for sharing data between processes. Queues are especially useful when passed as a parameter to a Process' target function to enable the Process to consume (or return) data.

from multiprocessing import Queue

q = Queue()

q.put('Why hello there!')
q.put(['a', 1, {'b': 'c'}])

q.get() # Returns 'Why hello there!'
q.get() # Returns ['a', 1, {'b': 'c'}]
q.get() # waits for more data to pass through the queue

LOCKS

Like Queue objects, Locks are relatively straightforward. They allow your code to claim the lock, blocking other processes from executing similar code until the process has completed and release the lock.

---

## [2017-03-21 23:14] spirit animal

looking at rpyc
reading up on python multiprocessing, which offers similar API as Threading

The multiprocessing module comes with plenty of built-in options for building a parallel application. But the three most basic (and safest) are the Process, Queue and Lock classes.

PROCESS
The Process is an abstraction that sets up another (Python) process, provides it code to run and a way for the parent application to control execution.

from multiprocessing import Process

def say_hello(name='world'):
    print "Hello, %s" % name

p = Process(target=say_hello)
p.start()
p.join()

QUEUES

Queue objects are exactly what they sound like: a thread/process safe, FIFO data structure. They can store any Python object (though simple ones are best) and are extremely useful for sharing data between processes. Queues are especially useful when passed as a parameter to a Process' target function to enable the Process to consume (or return) data.

from multiprocessing import Queue

q = Queue()

q.put('Why hello there!')
q.put(['a', 1, {'b': 'c'}])

q.get() # Returns 'Why hello there!'
q.get() # Returns ['a', 1, {'b': 'c'}]
q.get() # waits for more data to pass through the queue

LOCKS

Like Queue objects, Locks are relatively straightforward. They allow your code to claim the lock, blocking other processes from executing similar code until the process has completed and release the lock.

---

## [2017-03-22 08:29] deepdreamvisionquest

looking at the test application,significant speedups are possible, but how can I apply these ideas to deepdreamvisionquest?
QUEUES:
	next camera frame
	next deepdream render
	next displayed frame

* is it possible to retrieve data from the queue that has already been read? is it random access, or is it sequential by definition?

I'm assuming that queung this information lets me address it asynchronously. For example, show the deepdream rendered que once every second

---

## [2017-03-22 08:29] spirit animal

looking at the test application,significant speedups are possible, but how can I apply these ideas to deepdreamvisionquest?
QUEUES:
	next camera frame
	next deepdream render
	next displayed frame

* is it possible to retrieve data from the queue that has already been read? is it random access, or is it sequential by definition?

I'm assuming that queung this information lets me address it asynchronously. For example, show the deepdream rendered que once every second

---

## [2017-03-22 08:47] deepdreamvisionquest

who are the workers?

the deepdream function
the capture function

the compose/viewport functio

---

## [2017-03-22 08:47] spirit animal

who are the workers?

the deepdream function
the capture function

the compose/viewport functio

---

## [2017-03-22 09:52] eso

current status

page is staged on content now?
or is still on dev?

what remains?
- fill out each section w text  and header img
- ive provided the images I'm using on confluence
- who is authoring?
- how do I author? (add content)

- layout issues
- behavior of bulleted text - columns collapse wrong
- alt layout for newletter signup?
- 3-up box art for bullets section
	- do i have this file?

---

## [2017-03-22 10:58] eso

I'm pushing updated hero images to content
need to create a set for mobile views and push those too

---

## [2017-03-22 13:54] eso

ending worksession for the day. The page is looking so much better than it did this am. Good collaboration between William B, Greg F, Dom, Shawn and myself. The page is not without some layout problems -but now we can talk about them and address in a controlled manner

---

## [2017-03-22 19:50] deepdreamvisionquest

I came across some code samples showing a single threaded, multithreaded and multiprocess approach to structuring code. I'm becnhmarking those approaches to see what they do

range: 1,10000,1

SINGLE THREADED
runtime: 50.6829841137s
CPU load during run: 0.96
1 core is in 100% usage throughout

MULTITHREADED
runtime: 83.9671368599s
2.10
all cores are approx 19-30% in use
* note that this

MULTIPROCESSOR
runtime: 72.0738749504s
2.05
all cores are approx 30-40% in use
* note that this

these results are unexpected. taking out the print statements and remeasuring
ending some processes to get a cleaner benchmark

10000, 100000, 100

SINGLE THREADED
runtime: 86.0674118996s

MULTITHREADED (4 threads)
runtime: 89.8049190044s


MULTITHREADED (8 threads)
runtime: 96.2501211166s


MULTITHREADED (16 threads)
runtime: 106.664397955s


MULTIPROCESS (4 processes)
runtime: 88.1409959793s

MULTIPROCESS (12 processes)
runtime: 88.1409959793s

---

## [2017-03-22 19:50] spirit animal

I came across some code samples showing a single threaded, multithreaded and multiprocess approach to structuring code. I'm becnhmarking those approaches to see what they do

range: 1,10000,1

SINGLE THREADED
runtime: 50.6829841137s
CPU load during run: 0.96
1 core is in 100% usage throughout

MULTITHREADED
runtime: 83.9671368599s
2.10
all cores are approx 19-30% in use
* note that this

MULTIPROCESSOR
runtime: 72.0738749504s
2.05
all cores are approx 30-40% in use
* note that this

these results are unexpected. taking out the print statements and remeasuring
ending some processes to get a cleaner benchmark

10000, 100000, 100

SINGLE THREADED
runtime: 86.0674118996s

MULTITHREADED (4 threads)
runtime: 89.8049190044s


MULTITHREADED (8 threads)
runtime: 96.2501211166s


MULTITHREADED (16 threads)
runtime: 106.664397955s


MULTIPROCESS (4 processes)
runtime: 88.1409959793s

MULTIPROCESS (12 processes)
runtime: 88.1409959793s

---

## [2017-03-22 21:11] deepdreamvisionquest

No room to investigate this much further beyond tonight.My fundamental premise is the right one - decouple computation from display, but implementation is too expensive

---

## [2017-03-22 21:11] spirit animal

No room to investigate this much further beyond tonight.My fundamental premise is the right one - decouple computation from display, but implementation is too expensive

---

## [2017-03-22 21:23] deepdreamvisionquest

trying one more exercise - slightly different method

---

## [2017-03-22 21:23] spirit animal

trying one more exercise - slightly different method

---

## [2017-03-23 00:47] deepdreamvisionquest

pulled myself away from the optimization experiments and started looking at image processing.
there's a difference between using nd.filters and cv2.filters
getting significantly wider blur fx with some new methods

---

## [2017-03-23 00:47] spirit animal

pulled myself away from the optimization experiments and started looking at image processing.
there's a difference between using nd.filters and cv2.filters
getting significantly wider blur fx with some new methods

---

## [2017-03-23 00:52] deepdreamvisionquest

ending worksession - frustrating and rewarding at once. there's so much I dont know

---

## [2017-03-23 00:52] spirit animal

ending worksession - frustrating and rewarding at once. there's so much I dont know

---

## [2017-03-23 07:15] eso

quick personal review of the page before reviewing w team

phone <= 375px
P1 arrival text is too small beneath 375px width
P1 the sections look too compressed, section backgrounds need to be taller
P1 the I am 18 years or older text checkbox label aligns to the checkbox control wrong
P1 bullet text layout should collapse to a single column instead of 2-cols here

tablet <= 768px
P1 bullet text columns look wrong here - column margins/pad should be set so text aligns to  viewport without offset
P2 sections appear a bit compressed

overall
is it possible to get a 3rd "Assassin" image

---

## [2017-03-23 08:45] eso

for 375 px view
@media (max-width: 375px)
dlc-ape_1490283459.css:8
.big-impact h3 {
	/* margin-top: 150px; */  GRB: remove this, margin-top should be 0
}

---

## [2017-03-23 08:47] eso

have William B make these adjustments

---

## [2017-03-23 09:14] eso

speak w William B about making global adjustments to text positioning in content boxes

---

## [2017-03-23 18:09] eso

I've synced my repository to the upstream master. I think I did so correc tly, but the site is rendering for me at all locally - its showing 404 message and random bits and pieces. Hopefully an easy fix - will check w Will tomorrow

---

## [2017-03-23 19:01] deepdreamvisionquest

doing some remedial work on numpy before starting this image processing worksession

---

## [2017-03-23 19:01] spirit animal

doing some remedial work on numpy before starting this image processing worksession

---

## [2017-03-23 21:17] deepdreamvisionquest

wrapped up the remedial work. took a closer look at numpy arrays and matplotlib

---

## [2017-03-23 21:17] spirit animal

wrapped up the remedial work. took a closer look at numpy arrays and matplotlib

---

## [2017-03-23 21:18] deepdreamvisionquest

so moving forward - how would I subtract from the output red channel each frame, checking to see if it was 0

---

## [2017-03-23 21:18] spirit animal

so moving forward - how would I subtract from the output red channel each frame, checking to see if it was 0

---

## [2017-03-25 01:05] deepdreamvisionquest

figured out the crash that turned up during last session - or at least figured out how to avoid it. When the number of max iterations is reduced, less time is spent computing. It seems that if the same image is passed to the network at a high enough rate, it crashes. No idea why. Its arcane. Anyway, by scaling the recycled input with a multiplier > 0 the problem doesnt turn up.

More sigfnificantly, I made some exciting progfess towards a more expressive visual language. I costs nothing to color correct and transform the output after its been computed. I'be also tweaked a number of the deepdream make_step parameters. not sure what will stay, still experimenting.

The danger is to get caught in a loop of experimentation though.
1. how can I save the settings and configurations I come across so I can find them again?
2. camera 2
3. what are the controls exposed to participants
4. program USB pad w ASCII sequenceas for controls

---

## [2017-03-25 01:05] spirit animal

figured out the crash that turned up during last session - or at least figured out how to avoid it. When the number of max iterations is reduced, less time is spent computing. It seems that if the same image is passed to the network at a high enough rate, it crashes. No idea why. Its arcane. Anyway, by scaling the recycled input with a multiplier > 0 the problem doesnt turn up.

More sigfnificantly, I made some exciting progfess towards a more expressive visual language. I costs nothing to color correct and transform the output after its been computed. I'be also tweaked a number of the deepdream make_step parameters. not sure what will stay, still experimenting.

The danger is to get caught in a loop of experimentation though.
1. how can I save the settings and configurations I come across so I can find them again?
2. camera 2
3. what are the controls exposed to participants
4. program USB pad w ASCII sequenceas for controls

---

## [2017-03-25 10:28] deepdreamvisionquest

goals (Saturday)
- transforming during the cycle
	- is possibnle? how?
- color correction beta
	-	color
	-	luminance
- image transformation beta
	-	scaling (zooming in)
	-	warping the frame buffer

goals (Sunday)
-	dual cameras
-	guide images

---

## [2017-03-25 10:28] spirit animal

goals (Saturday)
- transforming during the cycle
	- is possibnle? how?
- color correction beta
	-	color
	-	luminance
- image transformation beta
	-	scaling (zooming in)
	-	warping the frame buffer

goals (Sunday)
-	dual cameras
-	guide images

---

## [2017-03-25 10:38] deepdreamvisionquest

studying image translation

translation basically means that we are shifting the image by adding/subtracting the X and Y coordinates. In order to do this, we need to create a transformation matrix,

rotation matrix
We can specify the point around which the image would be rotated, the angle of rotation in degrees, and a scaling factor for the image

---

## [2017-03-25 10:38] spirit animal

studying image translation

translation basically means that we are shifting the image by adding/subtracting the X and Y coordinates. In order to do this, we need to create a transformation matrix,

rotation matrix
We can specify the point around which the image would be rotated, the angle of rotation in degrees, and a scaling factor for the image

---

## [2017-03-25 18:52] deepdreamvisionquest

reading about 2D convolution (in regard to image processing)

What does "frequency" mean in an image? Well, in this context, frequency refers to the rate of change of pixel values. So we can say that the sharp edges would be high frequency content because the pixel values change rapidly in that region. Going by that logic, plain areas would be low frequency content. Going by this definition, a low pass filter would try to smoothen the edges.

---

## [2017-03-25 18:52] spirit animal

reading about 2D convolution (in regard to image processing)

What does "frequency" mean in an image? Well, in this context, frequency refers to the rate of change of pixel values. So we can say that the sharp edges would be high frequency content because the pixel values change rapidly in that region. Going by that logic, plain areas would be low frequency content. Going by this definition, a low pass filter would try to smoothen the edges.

---

## [2017-03-25 20:39] deepdreamvisionquest

came across a section on how to make a vignette.
this is probbaly something that should happen at the post rendering stage, similar to the HUD

---

## [2017-03-25 20:39] spirit animal

came across a section on how to make a vignette.
this is probbaly something that should happen at the post rendering stage, similar to the HUD

---

## [2017-03-25 21:54] deepdreamvisionquest

came across method for gamma correction

---

## [2017-03-25 21:54] spirit animal

came across method for gamma correction

---

## [2017-03-25 22:52] deepdreamvisionquest

I've been able to get a kind of color grading happening with what I've learned today. The code is sluggish at the moment as not of what I've added is optimized, and in particular  the vignette that I'm adding is sort of expensive. Also not sure if gamma correction on the input or the output or both is the way to go. I have the computation setup on the camera input, but again, pretty wasteful - is calculating the lookuptable every frame, when it only needs to do so on init and when the gamma value changes.

I'll want to add a control for increasing/decreasing gamma. Interesting to see how it reacts to exposure and brightness set on the Linux camera control utility

---

## [2017-03-25 22:52] spirit animal

I've been able to get a kind of color grading happening with what I've learned today. The code is sluggish at the moment as not of what I've added is optimized, and in particular  the vignette that I'm adding is sort of expensive. Also not sure if gamma correction on the input or the output or both is the way to go. I have the computation setup on the camera input, but again, pretty wasteful - is calculating the lookuptable every frame, when it only needs to do so on init and when the gamma value changes.

I'll want to add a control for increasing/decreasing gamma. Interesting to see how it reacts to exposure and brightness set on the Linux camera control utility

---

## [2017-03-26 10:08] deepdreamvisionquest

turned off the color grading functionality created yesterday until I can optimize a bit further.
goals:
	- integrate camera 2
		- realtime switching between cameras
		- composite views
			- overlay
			- 2-up
		- just had an odd idea - is it possible or desirable to create a small snapsot of the camera and composite that on to the viewposrt so that, multiple frames are always shown.
			- further, it would behave liek the queue I'd been thinking about, the most recent capture would always be shown as the last image, and would push older images out of the stack.

---

## [2017-03-26 10:08] spirit animal

turned off the color grading functionality created yesterday until I can optimize a bit further.
goals:
	- integrate camera 2
		- realtime switching between cameras
		- composite views
			- overlay
			- 2-up
		- just had an odd idea - is it possible or desirable to create a small snapsot of the camera and composite that on to the viewposrt so that, multiple frames are always shown.
			- further, it would behave liek the queue I'd been thinking about, the most recent capture would always be shown as the last image, and would push older images out of the stack.

---

## [2017-03-26 10:12] deepdreamvisionquest

easy enough to access the different cameras by indes. a good start :)
- add a keybind to switch between cameras at runtime

---

## [2017-03-26 10:12] spirit animal

easy enough to access the different cameras by indes. a good start :)
- add a keybind to switch between cameras at runtime

---

## [2017-03-26 11:16] deepdreamvisionquest

Just ran it with 2 cameras simultaneously at 1280 x 720. Not wuite sure what the expense was. System seemed responsive - perhaps a bit less fluid than before?

---

## [2017-03-26 11:16] spirit animal

Just ran it with 2 cameras simultaneously at 1280 x 720. Not wuite sure what the expense was. System seemed responsive - perhaps a bit less fluid than before?

---

## [2017-03-26 13:15] deepdreamvisionquest

I'm wanting to replace all the print statements w proper logging

The different levels of logging, from highest urgency to lowest urgency, are:

CRITICAL
ERROR
WARNING
INFO
DEBUG
The setLevel() call sets the minimum log level of messages it actually logs. So if you fh.setLevel(logging.ERROR), then WARNING, INFO, and DEBUG log messages will not be written to the log file (since fh is the log handler for the log file, as opposed to ch which is the handler for the console screen.)

To write a log message in one of these five levels, use the following functions:

logger.critical('This is a critical message.')
logger.error('This is an error message.')
logger.warning('This is a warning message.')
logger.info('This is an informative message.')
logger.debug('This is a low-level debug message.')

---

## [2017-03-26 13:15] spirit animal

I'm wanting to replace all the print statements w proper logging

The different levels of logging, from highest urgency to lowest urgency, are:

CRITICAL
ERROR
WARNING
INFO
DEBUG
The setLevel() call sets the minimum log level of messages it actually logs. So if you fh.setLevel(logging.ERROR), then WARNING, INFO, and DEBUG log messages will not be written to the log file (since fh is the log handler for the log file, as opposed to ch which is the handler for the console screen.)

To write a log message in one of these five levels, use the following functions:

logger.critical('This is a critical message.')
logger.error('This is an error message.')
logger.warning('This is a warning message.')
logger.info('This is an informative message.')
logger.debug('This is a low-level debug message.')

---

## [2017-03-26 14:00] deepdreamvisionquest

there's a lot more to logging than expected, but I've got a good replacement for all those print statements, now - back to work on that camera!

---

## [2017-03-26 14:00] spirit animal

there's a lot more to logging than expected, but I've got a good replacement for all those print statements, now - back to work on that camera!

---

## [2017-03-26 14:50] deepdreamvisionquest

realizing that yesterdays tests that I thought were running on a 1920 x 1080 input were actually running on a 1280 x 720 input and scaling up to 1920 (which looked great actually). Those values were hardcoded into the camera instance

---

## [2017-03-26 14:50] spirit animal

realizing that yesterdays tests that I thought were running on a 1920 x 1080 input were actually running on a 1280 x 720 input and scaling up to 1920 (which looked great actually). Those values were hardcoded into the camera instance

---

## [2017-03-26 14:52] deepdreamvisionquest

crashes when I set portrait_alignment = False. but why?

---

## [2017-03-26 14:52] spirit animal

crashes when I set portrait_alignment = False. but why?

---

## [2017-03-26 15:34] eso

seeing if I can get mt local repository current w updsteam (it isnt)

---

## [2017-03-26 15:49] eso

ok, it seems like my master branch is where its supposed to be, trying to run the site again

---

## [2017-03-26 16:36] eso

spoke w William B briefly, but turned out not to need his help after all, must have been looking at the cache before? Its looking ok now

---

## [2017-03-26 17:33] eso

The APE uloader for dev is broken at the moment will need to hardcode my images

---

## [2017-03-26 20:23] deepdreamvisionquest

reverted back to the point before I added logging, will continue with print statements as before.

---

## [2017-03-26 20:23] spirit animal

reverted back to the point before I added logging, will continue with print statements as before.

---

## [2017-03-26 22:56] deepdreamvisionquest

getting there - able to toggle portrait_alignment without crashing

---

## [2017-03-26 22:56] spirit animal

getting there - able to toggle portrait_alignment without crashing

---

## [2017-03-27 08:22] eso

Create JIRA task for site polish (visual rhythm cleanup)

---

## [2017-03-27 11:49] deepdreamvisionquest

struggling with the viewport.
Here's the problem.

I want to be able to toggle portrait_alignment on/off
why?
so that the viewport shapes itself to match whatever the camera is outputting

---

## [2017-03-27 11:49] spirit animal

struggling with the viewport.
Here's the problem.

I want to be able to toggle portrait_alignment on/off
why?
so that the viewport shapes itself to match whatever the camera is outputting

---

## [2017-03-27 14:15] eso

removed "arrives" text
adjusting design to accomodate:

.hero-cinemagraph .content-box h2 {
	margin-top: -20px; <-- was 0px
}


.big-impact .content-box .bullet-section h2 {
	margin: 0px 0 70px 0;  <-- was 30px 0 60px 0;
}

.big-impact .content-box .bullet-section h3 {
	margin-top: 60px;   <-- removed this declaration
}

---

## [2017-03-27 14:38] eso

looks like everyone is fried for the day and that change wont get in. Some great comments on Slack and studio-wide about the work

---

## [2017-03-27 17:49] deepdreamvisionquest

making some progress wi the viewport finally

---

## [2017-03-27 17:49] spirit animal

making some progress wi the viewport finally

---

## [2017-03-27 22:04] deepdreamvisionquest

It seems that the Composer.buffer array needs to be reshaped as well
Hunting this down is so much harder than it needs to be. It points out the fallacy of decentralizing these sources.

---

## [2017-03-27 22:04] spirit animal

It seems that the Composer.buffer array needs to be reshaped as well
Hunting this down is so much harder than it needs to be. It points out the fallacy of decentralizing these sources.

---

## [2017-03-27 22:11] deepdreamvisionquest

Here's the reality. you need to move on. Forget about the idea of generalizing the camera orientation. Just assume it to be oriented properly when the program starts. It doesn't need to switch back and forth at run time.

With that in mind - I can do something like this:

create camera objects
derive viewport size from camera.width,height
de

---

## [2017-03-27 22:11] spirit animal

Here's the reality. you need to move on. Forget about the idea of generalizing the camera orientation. Just assume it to be oriented properly when the program starts. It doesn't need to switch back and forth at run time.

With that in mind - I can do something like this:

create camera objects
derive viewport size from camera.width,height
de

---

## [2017-03-27 22:37] deepdreamvisionquest

typed in a bunch of stuff maybe it works.
basic idea was to pull capture_size from the camera object
Viewpoert_size has become an instance of the class Display, which exists at the moment only to house a width and height value accessible thrui dot notation. Once I get it working, I'll replace that bit with a dictionary, or movit back to the Data module.

mocing on, I made global substitutions to reference these changes. At a minimum it shpuld crash in the same way as before.

---

## [2017-03-27 22:37] spirit animal

typed in a bunch of stuff maybe it works.
basic idea was to pull capture_size from the camera object
Viewpoert_size has become an instance of the class Display, which exists at the moment only to house a width and height value accessible thrui dot notation. Once I get it working, I'll replace that bit with a dictionary, or movit back to the Data module.

mocing on, I made global substitutions to reference these changes. At a minimum it shpuld crash in the same way as before.

---

## [2017-03-27 23:18] deepdreamvisionquest

its hallucinating on either camera in landscape again
and crashes on portrait just as before - same reasons

---

## [2017-03-27 23:18] spirit animal

its hallucinating on either camera in landscape again
and crashes on portrait just as before - same reasons

---

## [2017-03-27 23:40] deepdreamvisionquest

a bit more detail has it crashing further along. This time it showed the camera output in portrait orientation before crashing. Now that the display size is being adjusted when initialized, the previous conditions I wrote there no lobger applies

---

## [2017-03-27 23:40] spirit animal

a bit more detail has it crashing further along. This time it showed the camera output in portrait orientation before crashing. Now that the display size is being adjusted when initialized, the previous conditions I wrote there no lobger applies

---

## [2017-03-27 23:43] deepdreamvisionquest

There we go - its working.
I can switch between portraint and landscape modes when the program initializes

Let me try to sum up:

The Display is the onscreen framebuffer.
The display supports 2 aspect ratios:
-	landscape (16:9) default
-	portrait (9:16) transposed counter clockwise
-	the display can be flipped horizontally and vertically in any aspect

The Camera is the framegrabbing and Queing system

Create a camera object, specifying:
- capture_width,
- capture_height
- portrait_alignment

The Display object relies upon the camera object
-	display width, height are stored here
-	display width, height are swapped here to match the camera alignment
	-	if the orientation is portrait then the specified display width and height have to be swapped
- the Viewport class relies on knowing the proper Display width, height so:
	- Viewport.show() can scale lower ocataves in buffer1 proportionally to match the display size
- the Composer class relies on knowing the proper Display width and height so:
	- Composer.update() can run inceptionxform on buffer 1
	- buffer2 can resize itself to match the Display width
- show_HUD() relies on knowing the proper Display width, height so:
	-	the function draws HUD updates to a seperate frame buffer that needs to match the DIsplay size

/* I'm noticing that Viewport.show() and Composer.writeBuffer2 basically do the same thing
Viewport.Show() is actually writeBuffer1() + show() */

---

## [2017-03-27 23:43] spirit animal

There we go - its working.
I can switch between portraint and landscape modes when the program initializes

Let me try to sum up:

The Display is the onscreen framebuffer.
The display supports 2 aspect ratios:
-	landscape (16:9) default
-	portrait (9:16) transposed counter clockwise
-	the display can be flipped horizontally and vertically in any aspect

The Camera is the framegrabbing and Queing system

Create a camera object, specifying:
- capture_width,
- capture_height
- portrait_alignment

The Display object relies upon the camera object
-	display width, height are stored here
-	display width, height are swapped here to match the camera alignment
	-	if the orientation is portrait then the specified display width and height have to be swapped
- the Viewport class relies on knowing the proper Display width, height so:
	- Viewport.show() can scale lower ocataves in buffer1 proportionally to match the display size
- the Composer class relies on knowing the proper Display width and height so:
	- Composer.update() can run inceptionxform on buffer 1
	- buffer2 can resize itself to match the Display width
- show_HUD() relies on knowing the proper Display width, height so:
	-	the function draws HUD updates to a seperate frame buffer that needs to match the DIsplay size

/* I'm noticing that Viewport.show() and Composer.writeBuffer2 basically do the same thing
Viewport.Show() is actually writeBuffer1() + show() */

---

## [2017-03-28 00:57] deepdreamvisionquest

cleaned up the logging (print statements) - got rid of most of it
The camera/display issue isnt fully resolved, the frame buffer isnt calling the inceptionxform properly, so it just sits on the same image

---

## [2017-03-28 00:57] spirit animal

cleaned up the logging (print statements) - got rid of most of it
The camera/display issue isnt fully resolved, the frame buffer isnt calling the inceptionxform properly, so it just sits on the same image

---

## [2017-03-28 13:28] deepdreamvisionquest

Added expandable logging framework to debug the code better and I guess also as a bit of a programming exercise. Was not happy with my  progress yesterday, enough so that I took a day off from work  to  get my momentum back

---

## [2017-03-28 13:28] spirit animal

Added expandable logging framework to debug the code better and I guess also as a bit of a programming exercise. Was not happy with my  progress yesterday, enough so that I took a day off from work  to  get my momentum back

---

## [2017-03-28 14:56] deepdreamvisionquest

replaced all print statements with logging calls. In a much better position to debug efficiently.

---

## [2017-03-28 14:56] spirit animal

replaced all print statements with logging calls. In a much better position to debug efficiently.

---

## [2017-03-28 22:28] deepdreamvisionquest

I have the system up and running on the Monolith. It looks startling. Its amazing. Numerous conclusions to be drawn from the initial test run:
-	the video4Linux Control Panel is only addressing a single camera. Is there a way to run 2 instances of this program and specify the camera?
	- as a fallback, is it possible to emulate aspects of the control panel in software?

---

## [2017-03-28 22:28] spirit animal

I have the system up and running on the Monolith. It looks startling. Its amazing. Numerous conclusions to be drawn from the initial test run:
-	the video4Linux Control Panel is only addressing a single camera. Is there a way to run 2 instances of this program and specify the camera?
	- as a fallback, is it possible to emulate aspects of the control panel in software?

---

## [2017-03-29 00:34] deepdreamvisionquest

Yes, there is a way to run 2 instances of the video4Linux control panel. There's a lot more functionality there than I knew. It also turns out to be trivial to mirror the captured image vertically and horizontally. Vertical mirroring is surprisingly cool, the forms that emerge are a bit disconnected from your movements.

I'm going to implement camera switching next and then camera flipping
Before getting to that, there's a rendering bug where:
x the sine wave transform doesn't get picked up by the next rendered image, so it appears briefly then disappears instead of propogating
x the octave size frequency mod isn't working
x the inceptionxform funtion isn't calculating the transform correctly

---

## [2017-03-29 00:34] spirit animal

Yes, there is a way to run 2 instances of the video4Linux control panel. There's a lot more functionality there than I knew. It also turns out to be trivial to mirror the captured image vertically and horizontally. Vertical mirroring is surprisingly cool, the forms that emerge are a bit disconnected from your movements.

I'm going to implement camera switching next and then camera flipping
Before getting to that, there's a rendering bug where:
x the sine wave transform doesn't get picked up by the next rendered image, so it appears briefly then disappears instead of propogating
x the octave size frequency mod isn't working
x the inceptionxform funtion isn't calculating the transform correctly

---

## [2017-03-29 12:18] eso

sprint review now. listening in more than contributing. Seeing what can be applied to next steps w the design update

---

## [2017-03-29 12:19] eso

The redesign strategy:
- don't plan it alone, meet early
- what are the anchors?
- what are the risks?
- what's missing?
- review Greg's work
- learn how to create my own pages to test layouts
- ongoing QA
- Make room for polish second, not last

---

## [2017-03-29 20:52] deepdreamvisionquest

x	camera switching by pressing F1 / F2
P1 	refine motion detect to allow getting close
P1	sequencing - motion between programs
P1	parameters - what are they - create a list
P2	saving good values - how?
P2	guide images
P3	image capture

---

## [2017-03-29 20:52] spirit animal

x	camera switching by pressing F1 / F2
P1 	refine motion detect to allow getting close
P1	sequencing - motion between programs
P1	parameters - what are they - create a list
P2	saving good values - how?
P2	guide images
P3	image capture

---

## [2017-03-29 21:18] deepdreamvisionquest

HUD is back online. making the text smaller
am also wondering if possible to output those values to a MatPlotLib window?

---

## [2017-03-29 21:18] spirit animal

HUD is back online. making the text smaller
am also wondering if possible to output those values to a MatPlotLib window?

---

## [2017-03-30 01:19] deepdreamvisionquest

both cameras are running simultaneously. I'm not seeing any real slowdown or latency as a result

---

## [2017-03-30 01:19] spirit animal

both cameras are running simultaneously. I'm not seeing any real slowdown or latency as a result

---

## [2017-03-30 10:24] deepdreamvisionquest

camera switching is working and its cooler than I thought it would be - except for the initial switch, which seems to rely on motyion being detected instead of the viewport being forced to refresh

---

## [2017-03-30 10:24] spirit animal

camera switching is working and its cooler than I thought it would be - except for the initial switch, which seems to rely on motyion being detected instead of the viewport being forced to refresh

---

## [2017-03-30 11:07] deepdreamvisionquest

camera switching looks like its working - have not fully tested motion detection. looking at that next

---

## [2017-03-30 11:07] spirit animal

camera switching looks like its working - have not fully tested motion detection. looking at that next

---

## [2017-03-30 12:40] eso

meeting w Greg Fick to discuss his ongoing work
- what has he been doing?
- how far has it gotten?
- where can I see it?
- how can I edit irt?
- what was his philosphy in building?
- what are my needs -
-	ability to make global edits
	-	font
	-	padding (inner offsets)
	-	margins (outer offsets)
	-	edges (borders)
	-	color

---

## [2017-03-30 22:26] deepdreamvisionquest

some problems re-addressing camera by index when I switched the USB ports prior to rebooting. Still trying to remember how I brought up the control panels for the cameras

---

## [2017-03-30 22:26] spirit animal

some problems re-addressing camera by index when I switched the USB ports prior to rebooting. Still trying to remember how I brought up the control panels for the cameras

---

## [2017-03-31 00:05] deepdreamvisionquest

P1 	refine motion detect to allow getting close
P1	sequencing - motion between programs
P1	parameters - what are they - create a list
P2	saving good values - how?
P2	guide images
P3	image capture
P2	duration based time-out from dreams
	-	forces end of cycle based on how long its been running
P1	transition from end of cycle to beginning of next so the progression is not quite so abrupt

---

## [2017-03-31 00:05] spirit animal

P1 	refine motion detect to allow getting close
P1	sequencing - motion between programs
P1	parameters - what are they - create a list
P2	saving good values - how?
P2	guide images
P3	image capture
P2	duration based time-out from dreams
	-	forces end of cycle based on how long its been running
P1	transition from end of cycle to beginning of next so the progression is not quite so abrupt

---

## [2017-03-31 08:28] eso

Taking time today to go over the Redesign Checklist
-	what are the priorities of each line item
-	Use more granular categorizations
	-	Design
		-	Wireframe
		-	Visual Design
		-	Cleanup
		-	Polish
		-	Revisioning

	-	Dev
		-	Building
		-	Fixing
		-

1:1 w Shawn Lindsey at 2p

---

## [2017-03-31 13:47] deepdreamvisionquest

taking a look at MatplotLib for analyzing what the motion detector is doing .
Keep in mind that there are 2 other areas needing momentum.
P1 	refine motion detect to allow getting close
P1	sequencing - motion between programs
P1	parameters - what are they - create a list

---

## [2017-03-31 13:47] spirit animal

taking a look at MatplotLib for analyzing what the motion detector is doing .
Keep in mind that there are 2 other areas needing momentum.
P1 	refine motion detect to allow getting close
P1	sequencing - motion between programs
P1	parameters - what are they - create a list

---

## [2017-03-31 15:03] deepdreamvisionquest

I found some code to do realtime plotting w matplotlib, looking at it running now. Is pretty CPU intensive.

---

## [2017-03-31 15:03] spirit animal

I found some code to do realtime plotting w matplotlib, looking at it running now. Is pretty CPU intensive.

---

## [2017-03-31 23:18] deepdreamvisionquest

added support for flipping camera input horizontally or vertically

---

## [2017-03-31 23:18] spirit animal

added support for flipping camera input horizontally or vertically

---

## [2017-03-31 23:20] deepdreamvisionquest

taking a second look at gamma cprrection

---

## [2017-03-31 23:20] spirit animal

taking a second look at gamma cprrection

---

