# Raw Entries for January 2017

**Total Entries:** 120
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2017-01-01 09:55] eso

have specified sizing and placement
x	typography
-	inter-item spacing
-	color

-	export mockups
-	export design notes
-	update confluence
-	checkbox design doc
-	invoice
-	post updated design doc to slack
-	post design docs to Bethesda marketing (PDF)

---

## [2017-01-01 21:43] eso

exported Axure HTML prototype for ZOS
marketing page 1.2.3
https://49q9oj.axshare.com/ c=2
Khajiit1

---

## [2017-01-01 21:57] eso

updated marketing page mockups on confluence
added link to prototype on confluence hub doc and marketing page design doc

---

## [2017-01-01 22:56] eso

lots more time being spent on this design spec than expected, but getting close to completion

---

## [2017-01-02 00:11] eso

completed markup, exporting images

---

## [2017-01-02 09:03] eso

-	document check box
	-	update confluence
x	follow up
	x	email to Bethesda marketing
		x	provide pretty gfx to start the new year
		x	link to confluence docs

---

## [2017-01-02 10:04] eso

downloaded a photoshop template for glossy presentation. incorporating my screenshots into it

---

## [2017-01-02 11:47] eso

would be useful to create prototype of retailer selection UX. How much work to do basic setup?
-	initial state
-	changing edition
-	changing platform

---

## [2017-01-02 11:54] eso

creating presentation mockup for preorder page

---

## [2017-01-02 12:17] eso

prepared PDF files with pretty gfx and standalone layouts for preorder and marketing pages

---

## [2017-01-03 08:38] eso

websync discussion

-	hero images from screenshot team
	-	what about overlaps?
	-	what would the design look like if text was underneath image instead on overlapping
	-	when can we expect final screenshots?

-	Pre-order page header
	-	if nothing is planned to go there, let's eliminate the hero block and move the wrapper up on the page
	-	UI for choosing retailer is intended to show default selections and retailers on page entry
		-	is this clearly understood y the team?
		-	is this desireable? should it be a step by step choice instead?

x	what is dev status on building out these pages?
	x	where do I access the WIP
		x	check with William B

actions:
x check w William B about where to access work in progress
- ask Cory to create and track a hero image story
- update preorder page design to remove T0 header

---

## [2017-01-03 09:15] eso

I'm in communication w Matt F about new contract with Skinjester Corporation. I'm also waiting for Skinjester Corporation to be finalized. We'll be retroactively dating the contract

The inefficiency of my responsive workflow needs to be resolved. I need to leverage bootstrap. I'm also wondering if there's such a thing as an auto-documented design?

One thing I liked about the side by side presentation on multiple devices, was how it took away the guesswork. Is it possible to generate an image like this on demand?

Similarly, its one thing to demand precision in the design, but I've not thought about how to do so at all for work in progress. Its up to me to make the implementation as precise as it can be. I need to get into the rhythm of reviewing daily implementation work

---

## [2017-01-03 12:47] eso

William B's morning work is looking very good. significant transformation
http://comm.web-content.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/volcano

---

## [2017-01-03 15:49] eso

P1 review and make notes on William B's implementation work
P2 prototype for preorder retail select
P3 update preorder page design to remove T0 header
P4 create marketing page variation with text underneath image blocks

---

## [2017-01-04 11:29] eso

Marketing Meeting Notes

---

## [2017-01-04 11:36] eso

pending
-	expecting latest copy for marketing page from Hilary
-	expecting filled-in retailer spreadsheet from Marketing
-	expecting new draft of copy for pre-order page
-	will I need to create a simple prototype for conditional retailer select?

questions
-	verify UI flow for preorder retail select
-	where does elderscrollsonline.com take me
	-	To the marketing page
-	what is the URL for the current landing page?
-	Is it true that William B is suggesting that entering elderscrollsonline.com into a browser will redirect to elderscrollsonline.com/morrowind ?
	-	If so, how would I get to the current landing page?


-	does the pre-order page need a hero block?
	-	no

decisions
-	what about the news section? how is that populated?
	- community will tag content w "Morrowind"
-	remove Buy ESO Now link from marketing and pre-order pages

actions
	x	send retailer excel doc to Hilary today

	layout
	-	launch date beneath symbol
	-	validate logo placement w styleguide sent over this am
	-	remove hero block from preorder page
		-	replace buy now button with Preorder button
	-	remove buy now section from marketing page
	-	export revisions of pre-order and marketing pages
	-	update confluence


11/07/2016	ZOS-0004-201601	POSTED	10/1-10/31
11/29/2016	ZOS-0004-201601	PAID
12/05/2016	ZOS-0004-201602	POSTED 	11/1-11/30
01/02/2017	ZOS-0004-201603	POSTED 	12/1-12/31

---

## [2017-01-05 11:22] eso

adding arrival date to marketing page design

---

## [2017-01-05 12:36] eso

Will's current work on the marketing page is really in the background. will want to make some typographic and sizing change

---

## [2017-01-05 15:01] eso

added new font - open source version of Garamond, which is used in the logo
https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Cormorant+Garamond

---

## [2017-01-06 12:55] eso

Hilary wants to add additional information to the comparison matrix, follow up with her.
I'm hearing it second hand
https://zenimaxonline.slack.com/archives/D1XGAGYUX/p1483735785000004
Morrowind added to grid (left column) and all editions have checkbox. We werent sure where to place it and if it needed a subsection like the ‘Base Game'

(12:50)
- Need some way to add an asterisk or some marker to identify specific checkboxes, maybe asterisk with a footnote

(12:51)
- Different checkbox colors, Lava Orange  E94F08 was suggested by Marc. We also might need multiple different color checkmarks

(12:51)
It might be good to clarify with Hilary a bit but those were the general ideas

---

## [2017-01-08 09:26] eso

email sent on Friday afternoon to Hilary for clarification

---

## [2017-01-09 08:10] eso

- follow up w Hilary about revisions to content matrix
- follow up w William B on newsletter signup success/fail

---

## [2017-01-09 08:50] eso

Web Sync discussion points

Success/Failure states for newsletter signup
-	age verification not selected
-	bad email
-	what happens when signup button is pressed

---

## [2017-01-09 09:53] eso

added disabled state to button design

---

## [2017-01-09 09:57] eso

updating color design doc
updated button design doc

---

## [2017-01-09 10:45] eso

working on sign in prototype

---

## [2017-01-09 11:14] eso

finished up sign-in prototype
validating across multiple viewports

---

## [2017-01-09 12:38] eso

websync notes

confirmation state of newsletter signup
-	redirect to marketing page upon success
	-	the redirect is a platform requirment after form submission
-	update state of page and show success message in place of newsletter signup

P1 Unclear about Hilary's request - need to think through and follow up
P2 Will needs layout feedback
P2 Greg needs layout feedback

---

## [2017-01-09 12:46] eso

UPCOMING TASKS
Housing Page needs design
-	identify requirements
	-	Housing List
		-	needs to be scalable
		-	Filters (what needs filtering)
			-	Size
			-	Styles (Racial, Alliance)
			-	A-Z
			-	Zone?
		-	cleanup layout
		-	Header incorporates filter
-	goes live after Volcano
-	timeframe: solid design by end of week

---

## [2017-01-09 14:43] eso

preorder page
http://comm.web-content.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/preorder

marketing page
http://comm.web-content.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/morrowind

---

## [2017-01-09 16:04] eso

content padding isn't consistently applied across viewports.
hero panel scales much more dramatically from from min-width
what are the breakpoints set in the existing css?

---

## [2017-01-09 17:07] eso

having a pretty good time tweaking the CSS. Will provide to William B as example of what I want.

---

## [2017-01-09 17:08] eso

The specificity of the responsive layout is hard to nail down like this. There's got to be a better way to get 1:1 parity between what Will is doing, and what I'm doing. The guesswork isnt productive

---

## [2017-01-09 18:27] eso

Not liking how the logo and the CTA's move independently.
- Is it possible to "attach" the CTA block to the logo, so they move together?
- Alternately, is it possible for these elements to use the same breakpoints so they move in a more controlled manner?

---

## [2017-01-09 18:30] eso

reverted CSS to the point before I started playing with the height of the hero block
attempting to edit the HTML locally

---

## [2017-01-09 23:14] eso

I've edited the CSS so that the hero block scales correctly across a range of viewports
Working on logo so that it maintains the size I want across viewports

---

## [2017-01-09 23:39] eso

I've lost the work I did earlier cleaning up the headings and text. Will need to be redone after the image sizing

calc(2vw + 60px);

---

## [2017-01-10 01:42] eso

deep into CSS and media queries for the header.
don't lose sight of the other issues on this page

- inconsistent whitespace for content across views does not match design spec
- background gfx sample for smaller views is too zoomed/cropped - loses relationship with primary branding, also looks red
- typography fixes
- page performance - why is resizing the browser window so sluggish?

@media only screen and (min-width: 330px)
if (devicewidth) >= (value) then {}

@media only screen and (max-width: 330px)
if (devicewidth) <= (value) then {}

---

## [2017-01-10 10:04] eso

stabilizing position of CTA before sending over css edits to ZOS

---

## [2017-01-10 10:57] eso

position of CTA is stabilized enough to provide an example of why the layout isn't working
taking a look at the whitespace to see if it can be unified

---

## [2017-01-10 11:25] eso

the content width stuff is too deep to get into - William B will implement. I've got enough to go over with him, figuring out how to frame it so his ideas

---

## [2017-01-10 13:03] eso

preorder page is looking fantastic - not much review and markup needed for that very precise
- I want to restyle the dropdown control. looks like its half one thing and half something else.

---

## [2017-01-10 16:43] eso

how can I iterate more quickly? The design markup I provided was labor intensive and not directly applicable to the implementation without some interpretation. I felt sure I conveyed my intent but dev took some shortcuts out of convenience. Which I understand, but the precision on the marketing page is off, and the fixes I'm asking for will, uh.. fix that. I'm going to ask some of the devs
-	most efficient (define)
-	most precise (define)
-	most flexible (define)

William B
Gregory Fick
Dan DaCunha
Dan Batson
Ben Mace
Kent Pasquino

---

## [2017-01-11 00:45] eso

For discussion with William B.

CSS changes

TYPOGRAPHY
.m-box h3 {
	margin: 0;
	font-size: 4vw;
	line-height: 1.7;
	font-weight: 900;
	letter-spacing: 1.2px;
	color:  EECA2A;
	text-transform: uppercase;
	margin-bottom: 0vw;
}

.dlc-newsletter .m-wrap .content-box h3 {
	font-size: 48px;
	line-height: 1.7;
	font-weight: 900;
	letter-spacing: 1.2px;
}

.dlc-news-box .news-snip p {
	height: 50px;
	font-size: 14px;
	line-height: 1.7;
	text-transform: uppercase;
	color:  C5BF9E;
	margin-top: 14px;
	letter-spacing: 0.25px;
}



BUTTON
.m-box .btn-m {
	border: 2px solid  625f4f;
	border-radius: 2px;
	background:  151511;
	font-family: 'Futura PT Cond';
	color:  c5bf9e;
	font-size: 30px;
	text-transform: uppercase;
	height: 70px;
	min-width: 270px;
	padding: 0 20px;
	line-height: 66px;
	vertical-align: middle;
	margin: 0px 5px 30px 5px;
	text-shadow: initial;
	position: relative;
}

LAYOUT/BREAKPOINTS
.m-box .content-box {
	display: block;
	position: absolute;
	color:  FFF;
	margin: 10vw 0 0 0;
	width: calc(100% - 30px)
}



@media (max-width: 1023px) {

	.hero-cinemagraph .m-wrap {
			padding-top: 68px;
			height: 70vw;
		}

	.hero-cinemagraph .cta-logo {
	   width: 40vw;
	}

	.hero-cinemagraph .m-wrap .content-box {
		width: 100%;
	}
}

@media (max-width: 767px) {

	 .hero-cinemagraph .cta-logo {
			width: 80vw;
		}

}

@media (max-width: 374px) {

 .hero-cinemagraph .cta-logo {
		width: 80vw
	}
}








TYPOGRAPHY

.m-box h3 {
	margin: 0;
	font-size: 4vw;
	line-height: 1.7;
	font-weight: 900;
	letter-spacing: 1.2px;
	color:  EECA2A;
	text-transform: uppercase;
	margin-bottom: 0vw;
}

.hero-cinemagraph .content-box h2 {
	margin-bottom: 2vw;
	margin-top: 0;
	font-size: 30px;
	font-family: 'EB Garamond';
	letter-spacing: 1.5px;
}

.dlc-newsletter .m-wrap .content-box h3 {
	font-size: 48px;
	line-height: 1.7;
	margin: 0;
	font-weight: 900;
	letter-spacing: 1.2px;
}


.dlc-news-box .news-snip p {
	height: 50px;
	font-size: 14px;
	line-height: 1.7;
	text-transform: uppercase;
	color:  C5BF9E;
	margin-top: 14px;
	letter-spacing: 0.25px;
}



BUTTON

.m-box .btn-m {
	border: 2px solid  625f4f;
	border-radius: 2px;
	background:  151511;
	font-family: 'Futura PT Cond';
	color:  c5bf9e;
	font-size: 30px;
	text-transform: uppercase;
	height: 70px;
	min-width: 270px;
	padding: 0 20px;
	line-height: 66px;
	vertical-align: middle;
	margin: 0px 5px 30px 5px;
	text-shadow: initial;
	position: relative;
}


LAYOUT

@media (max-width: 1023px)

	.hero-cinemagraph .m-wrap {
		padding-top: 68px;
		height: 70vw;
	}

	.hero-cinemagraph .cta-logo {
	   width: 40vw;
	}

	.m-wrap .content-box h3 {
		font-size: 48px;
		line-height: 1.2;
	}


@media (max-width: 767px)

	.hero-cinemagraph .cta-logo {
			width: 80vw;
		}

@media (max-width: 374px)

	.hero-cinemagraph .cta-logo {
			width: 80vw
		}

---

## [2017-01-11 12:09] eso

handed of updated CSS (as a changelist) to William B. He can' directly use the full CSS file, as he's working with SaSS

William Brall (11:11 AM)
If you want to do edits directly in the future, we can set you up with a dev env

(11:11)
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/services/Getting+your+local+envs+up+and+running

---

## [2017-01-11 13:11] eso

websync notes

MARKETING PAGE
-	verify William B's final changes on Marketing Page (not seeing them in-browser yet)
-	 USP heading colors should relate to the lava color rather than the TITLE value
hunt for the right value and send to dev


PREORDER PAGE
-	examine and markup layout for review w Greg
-	edit the table to communicate "available by preorder only"

---

## [2017-01-11 16:21] eso

edit the table on this page to communicate that the Discovery Pack is "available by preorder only" for Standard Edition and Standard Upgrade.
(if you don't preorder you won't be able to get that stuff later)

The Discovery Pack comes with purchase of the other game editions by default, whether you preorder it or not

---

## [2017-01-11 17:10] eso

found bug on Marketing page - maybe site wide. There is no  font-face definition for EB Garamond, browser is showing Times Roman (serif fallback)
I'm noticing that same font is defined throughout style sheet in the DLC section in particular
Editing CSS to use Cormorant Garamond as specified. That's the open source garamond variant to go with - multiple weights available

---

## [2017-01-11 18:37] eso

for marketing page
x	coming soon date sizing consistency pass
x	news list consistency pass
x	color exploration for USP headers
x 	refined subscription confirm message
-	create changelist

---

## [2017-01-12 02:27] eso

graphics on this page are much too intense and saturated. These need to be unified further.

---

## [2017-01-12 12:01] eso

handed off CSS edits to William B. Reviewing those changes


P3
change: @media (max-width: 374px)  to be @media (max-width: 375px)

---

## [2017-01-12 12:32] eso

Web Sync notes
-	I'm just now reviewing the preorder layout
-	Making some edits to the Table as Hilary requested
-	Reading through the confluence doc on setting up dev en
-	will post that work end of day

TODO:
-	make date bigger across all views, will push CTA's off screen - its OK.
- 	need to incorporate "asterisks" used on table edit to the dropdown text labels

---

## [2017-01-12 16:16] eso

preorder page table edits

Communicate that the Discovery Pack is "available by preorder only" for Standard Edition and Standard Upgrade.
(if you don't preorder you won't be able to get that stuff later)

The Discovery Pack comes with purchase of the other game editions by default, whether you preorder it or not

---

## [2017-01-12 17:13] eso

I think I've got a good solution to the table edit. Seeing how I can expand that messaging to the dropdwon. Just an asterisk?

---

## [2017-01-12 18:04] eso

using built-in dropdown will never look good. Need to build our own control. wondering if the Housing List design is a good place to surface that? It would be a button that opens a modal dialog containing the list items. Clicking outside the dialog closes it. Selecting an item in the dialog closes the dialog as well. The dialog is initialized on page load.

---

## [2017-01-13 09:44] eso

Colby wants to go over some BAM UX with me. Store configurator. Calling him back in a moment

---

## [2017-01-13 10:01] eso

Wills current work on the homestead list page
http://comm.web-content.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/homestead/list


BAM assumes that people arriving there have a single membership for the PC Game
Customer wanted to update their payment info when bank info changed
Customer owns game on 2 platforms
accidentally made payment to older account to BAM
Did not realize that payment for console membership was first party
Was not directed to first party account management

---

## [2017-01-13 13:02] eso

WebSync notes

- minor edits to Preorder Comparison suggested by AJ
	I like the solution but 2 things.
		1. We need to add a column above The Elder Scrolls Online that says The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind and make check marks across every sku
		2. I would move the Digital CE upgrade to the right of the Digital CE so that the check marks with the CE stuff are all together.
	-
- create banner ad design that works at all sizes
	- provide rectangle w text layout
	- art will provide bkg image

- homestead list page UX (reviews on Monday)
	-	what's working, what isn't?
	-	are we capturing all datatytpes in the sort filters?
		- put another way, what if I want to add filters?

---

## [2017-01-14 11:25] eso

Reviewing preorder page layout

PAGE TITLE
-	too lose. also seems to be extra characters in the title string
PAGE MARGINS
-	The margins don't match

---

## [2017-01-16 09:21] eso

Preorder page typography feedback

.page-preorder h1, .page-pre-order h1 {
	font-weight: bold;
	line-height: 1.7;
	letter-spacing: 1.2px;
}

---

## [2017-01-16 10:15] eso

shared preorder page feedback w Greg
2 main areas - platform buttons and page margins
Page margins are too narrow
Platform Buttons must be closer together in all views
Platform logos are scaling poorly
Platform logos are misaligned

---

## [2017-01-16 10:17] eso

working on the banner ad template then will move on to cleaning up design and UX for Homestead list page
Also, look further into setting up a dev environment on my machine


Web Sync discussion
-	Preorder page
-	Banner ad template
	- we're planning to bake text directly into images
		- what text?
	- what image?
-	Setting up dev environment on my machine
-	Homestead list page

---

## [2017-01-16 12:44] eso

started setting up dev environment. May need to switch over to OSX for Bash shell? Or can I use Windows Bash shell? If switching over to mac, will need to get VPN setup for that too

---

## [2017-01-16 13:06] eso

Marketing page
-	date is too small. Fix it with this:

	.hero-cinemagraph .content-box h2 {
		margin-bottom: 2vw;
		margin-top: 0;
		font-size: 32px;
		font-family: 'Cormorant Garamond';
		letter-spacing: 3px;
		font-weight: 200;
	}

-  date is misaligned vertically at viewports smaller than 767px

---

## [2017-01-17 08:50] eso

installing Bash shell for Win10. Maybe its all I need to get the commandline side of the dev environment setup?

---

## [2017-01-17 10:43] eso

doing some layout to present cleaner homestead list
this time analyzing actual breakpoints first

min-width 1024
min-width 992
	min-width: 768 and max-width: 991px
min-width 768

min-width 600
min-width 500
min-width 320

---

## [2017-01-17 10:57] eso

Proportions between image and text are awkward in all 2-column views
Better Typography
Replace browser dropdown with custom menu controls
	-	height of this menu to be controlled how?
Form better visual association with racial styles (use the racial icon)
Sorting controls stick to the top of the viewport so they are always accessible
Needs messaging: What page is this? What am I expected to do here?

VISIONNEZ LA BANDE ANNONCE

---

## [2017-01-17 12:58] eso

posted homestead listing page design notes for discussion during sync up meeting

---

## [2017-01-17 13:07] eso

- take a look at the CSS used for placing button text. Are you able to make it vertically align center so that it word wraps well?

---

## [2017-01-17 13:18] eso

do we need this page?
do we need to show prices?

---

## [2017-01-17 13:38] eso

We are deferring continuing design on the Homestead List page. My immediate priority now is to get the dev environment setup

---

## [2017-01-17 13:45] eso

setup meeting w Cory to go over the metrics he's capturing
We can use this as a guide to page design

---

## [2017-01-17 16:36] eso

working on dev setup
I already have an SSH key in GitLab from before
Generated a new one, unique to my current work environment

ssh-rsa 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 gboodhoo@gmail.com

GitLab has accepted the key

Am I able to SSH directly into the server? there are credentials provided

git@zicplfz10web061.z10.zenimaxonline.com:skinjester/cmty-frontend.git
NO


git clone git@zicplfz10web061.z10.zenimaxonline.com:skinjester/cmty-frontend.git

---

## [2017-01-17 16:54] eso

cloning the repository I'd previously forked on GitLab

---

## [2017-01-17 16:55] eso

will want to set this up in SourceTree so theres a GUI available. Maybe I didn't need to be in Win10 Bash at all? It installs a version of Git for its own usage. Command line usage may still be useful

Have apparently connected with the server on gitlab with Source Tree and am re-cloning the fork I made there

---

## [2017-01-17 20:43] eso

I'm connected to the repo hosted on gitlab through SourceSafe

---

## [2017-01-17 20:49] eso

lots of graphics shown in the unstaged file list. How do I ignore these files so they don't accidentally get staged?

---

## [2017-01-17 21:07] eso

you know what? I'm gong to make a test git project to get used to the workflow again without anxiety

---

## [2017-01-17 21:37] eso

so confusing

---

## [2017-01-18 00:51] eso

spent some time playing with git in a tutorial and now in a little sandbox project. Need to feel comfortable doing these things:
-	committing
-	branching
-	merging
-	reversing changes
	-	reset
	-	revert

Need to understand how the author name works
-	How does the author name relate to my SSH key?
-	Where does SourceTree look for my SSH key?
	-	Does it need to?

---

## [2017-01-18 10:56] eso

fantastic. Will has implemented conditional sign-in logic to morrowind marketing page

account.elderscrollsonline.com
forums.elderscrollsonline.com
help.elderscrollsonline.com

---

## [2017-01-18 12:06] eso

reviewing greg's pre-order work
- logos aren't vertically centered within buttons
- pc/mac logos need to be closer together they still look like 2 seperate things
- margins between 728-991 still a bit narrow
- set letter-spacing on the H1 tag = 2px

@gfick what I'm reacting  is that for "tablet portrait" views, the columns are too narrow. Which is causeing the platform button array to be too narrow. Which is causing the logos to look too small

Increase the height of the table rows. thethis text from the next line

---

## [2017-01-18 13:40] eso

- take a look at bootstrap builders for building quick patterns
- create mockup of preorder page tablet layout with stacked platform buttons

---

## [2017-01-19 09:11] eso

Web Analytics Meeting notes

What metrics has Cory captured?
How can I look at Cory's reports myself?
What is performing?
Is this unexpected?

Look back at the user segments I indentified previously. Let's talk about those roles
How do those identified roles appear in Cory's metrics
- whose voice is being heard
- who are we ignoring?

Engagement can also tell you about your audience. The volume of engagement your content receives can indicate the quality of your audiences, and engagement on certain types of posts can provide insight about what they’re interested in.



ENGAGEMENT. WHAT. WHY
How do we define engageement?
How does Facebook define engagement?
Likes + Comments + Shares
-	the ability to reply to others
-	the ability to tag (hashtag, like)
-	the ability to share with others

Where do we enable these behaviors?
Why enable these behaviors?
Is our intention to keep people on the site or to sell a product.
-	Other than the game the products we sell are:
	-	memberships
	-	crowns

---

## [2017-01-19 10:09] eso

before setting up the server I need to confirm GIT usage in Bash
-	add new file
-	add to git repository
	-	which repository?

---

## [2017-01-19 11:47] eso

Cory asked me to make a list of questions about how the site is performinbg as a basis for him to do further analytic reports
-	how are conversions performing on different devices
-	what content is most popular on different devices
-	why do people view crown store banner ads
-	how much time are people spending in the croqwn store section of

---

## [2017-01-19 12:27] eso

placing a ratings logo on the marketing page, examining it across different views

---

## [2017-01-19 12:55] eso

figured out layout for the RP logo and validated with Will. He needs the assets for  EN, DE, FR presized to my spec, with transparency baked into the PNG

---

## [2017-01-19 13:28] eso

Doug will send me the logo assets for sizing
no transparency

---

## [2017-01-19 14:12] eso

oh now they want to add that logo to the preorder page as well. have sent out a design edit

---

## [2017-01-19 14:12] eso

reviewing Greg's fixes to preorder page

---

## [2017-01-19 15:16] eso

its pretty good. still issues with the platform selectors though. I'm digging into the CSS and seeing if I can make it happen as desired. SOme progress

---

## [2017-01-19 18:36] eso

still hacking. good progress. awkward sizing has gone away.except at 1024 px
need to adjust vertical centering of pcmaclogo

---

## [2017-01-19 21:34] eso

my fix is working. in chrome. on windows. a bit more tweaking, then seeing if I can cleanup further

---

## [2017-01-19 21:40] eso

for one thing, I feel like the css tweaks made to increase the logo size and could be applied naturally by cropping the source art more tightly

---

## [2017-01-19 22:33] eso

fantastic - verified layout in Firefox

---

## [2017-01-19 22:45] eso

package up work and post to slack

---

## [2017-01-19 23:04] eso

making a font tweak to fit the page better

---

## [2017-01-20 01:30] eso

Ive packaged up the changelist, the new gfx and screenshots of my changes in action. Will discuss in the am.

---

## [2017-01-20 09:14] eso

seeing if I can test in IE before posting to Greg

@gfick I was able to address the presentational issues I'd identified at narrower views (the platform logos were too small and the controls were too tight)

---

## [2017-01-20 09:47] eso

well, the office is closed today

---

## [2017-01-23 11:21] eso

Greg is working with me to implement fixes to preorder page

---

## [2017-01-23 11:48] eso

I've updated JIRA and added a new task to implement the new landing page desigtn in bootstrap

---

## [2017-01-24 12:12] eso

opened business checking account and submitted ACH forms to ZOPS
working w Greg on preorder page

exclusive game case
map of morrowind (same thing as ESO-Volcano-DISCOVERY-PACK-Treasure-Maps.png) ???

---

## [2017-01-24 12:47] eso

doing some mockup on preorder page for handoff to Greg for ratings logo placement

---

## [2017-01-24 19:04] eso

bootstrap study before dinner

---

## [2017-01-25 09:50] eso

marketing wangts to add Discovery pack info to the preorder page. I sketched out a solution where the promo imagery is placed at the top of the page. Refining that sketch now

---

## [2017-01-25 12:23] eso

To discuss at web team sync

x	Discovery Pack feature on Preorder Page
-	Would like to get some 1 on 1 insight into how the devs work
	-	screenshare
	-	how does a style change get pushed to staging?
	-	dev environment

---

## [2017-01-25 14:00] eso

verifying git setup for connection to gitlab and Win10 BASH

---

## [2017-01-25 18:27] eso

that's fantastic I'm pushing to the ZOS gitlab repository from the Win10 Bash Shell

---

## [2017-01-26 10:08] eso

websync discussion

-	preorder page status
	-	images + descriptions - what's missing
	-	discovery pack gfx looks fuzzy - solutions?

---

## [2017-01-26 10:29] eso

sprint review notes
designing with all the facts
-	bootstrap is the deliverable
-	need to work in same pipeline as devs

currently reconstructing previous designs in bootstrap framework
what worked:
what didn't work:

---

## [2017-01-26 12:58] eso

getting hung up on server install for local env

As far as I can tell, I've installed the requirements and verified working
Git
SSH
Composer
Artisan


when I run a local server I get this:

gary:cmty-frontend$ php artisan serve --host 127.0.0.1
Laravel development server started on http://127.0.0.1:8000

Error in exception handler: could not find driver (View: /mnt/d/Users/Gary/cmty-frontend/app/views/errors/missing.blade.php) in /mnt/d/Users/Gary/cmty-frontend/vendor/laravel/framework/src/Illuminate/Database/Connectors/Connector.php:47

---

## [2017-01-26 13:38] eso

blocked on getting the local server setup
other possibilities to reach this goal: redesign marketing page as standalone bootstrap

I'm able to access the previous gitlab project with this URL
http://webdev-uidesign001.z10.zenimaxonline.com/ax_landingpage/landingpage_right-aligned.html

how can I access the gitlab branch I've cloned?
do I need to work with that branch at all? why not create a new project?

---

## [2017-01-27 13:10] eso

meeting with webteam for daily sync.
Good job everyone. We maybe achived 80% of the design I intended, but also got some good practical experience working together.

---

## [2017-01-30 13:01] eso

websync meeting. will probably turn into sprint retro

---

## [2017-01-30 13:09] eso

cory has setup some great reports to track Morrowind Page metrics
https://analytics.google.com/analytics/web/ dashboard/-6PASLnzRYaAejkOWvIRgg/a49441920w81179924p137954063/

Homestead is in progress at ZOS  will be treated as generic DLC page

Informed team of my current status w local server setup and getting started w bootstrap

MONDAY

---

## [2017-01-31 13:17] eso

websync w Cory & Hilary

marketing change requests

another section block
-	need text
	-	Marketing working on this, localizing
-	need image
	-	Asked by Pete Hines to use some kind of mushroom image
	-	Marketing will provide

fixed scroll for purchase matrix on preorder page (as previously discussed w Greg)

Ask Cory for copy of notes/look for his shared notes

Looks like we're going to do a large postmortem - including Marketing, Community, Dev

Marketing seems happy. overall. Hilary mentioned that the trailer is getting lots of page views

---

## [2017-01-31 16:55] eso

observations of the site on my phone and ipad
something off about the header fonts. they look wrong on the marketing and preorder page. They seem fine elsewhere though (other pages, universal nav)

The styling on the dropdown controls for iOS safari look unacceptably bad. need a solution to fix this

---

## [2017-01-31 17:02] eso

sync up w Cory, Hilary, AJ 730a and frame the issues with them first

---

