# Raw Entries for February 2017

**Total Entries:** 49
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2017-02-01 12:15] eso

Sync meeting notes
Mobile layout issues:
	something off about the header fonts. they look wrong on the marketing and preorder page. They seem fine elsewhere though (other pages, universal nav)

	The styling on the dropdown controls for iOS safari look unacceptably bad. need a solution to fix this
Marketing requests (status)
Homestead (status)
Retrospective

---

## [2017-02-03 12:13] eso

Team meeting notes.

---

## [2017-02-06 08:18] eso

Marketing page project retro today at 12p

---

## [2017-02-06 11:58] eso

retro meeting notes

---

## [2017-02-06 13:45] eso

we captured a number of workflow issues and solutions on the confluence page for our retro.
The big takeaway is to use confluence to document process and decision making "state of the project"
I think its also important to begin meetings w ZOS by reviewing the state of the project

---

## [2017-02-07 12:06] eso

Sprint Planning

Update JIRA to reflect current priorities and goals
There's a new site rdesign planning story
re-title JIRA stories where necessary
Emergent tasks
Coordinating w dev during design
Create sitemap
Bootstrap Page templates
Style guide
Launch Date: June 6/6
Emphasis on user guides over news on community home

pull in customers
resources

focus to be on universal nav first for prototyping

ZOS visit
gather stakeholder requirements
review work
workflow pipeline w dev
discuss w Jo Burba & Matt F

---

## [2017-02-07 12:51] eso

need to be capturing high level ZOS taks on strategy board, details on ZOS board
	- When I go to the strategy board I can see a plan
	- When I go to the ZOS board I know what I'm doing nbext and the dependencies

---

## [2017-02-08 09:06] eso

We've rescheduled SCRUM so I can attend. It's at

gary@sciencefictionthriller.onmicrosoft.com

---

## [2017-02-08 11:21] eso

cloning old ZOS git repository for vertical slice to see if I can cleanup a bit before meeting w Jo

---

## [2017-02-08 13:34] eso

good one on one with Jo Burba
provide team feedback (he requested) to Jo today
-	whats working
-	what's not
-	what to watch
-	here's how I can help

---

## [2017-02-10 07:51] eso

Teambuilding Notes

The team is understaffed. We need at least one more junior developer. William B has the potential to be a good lead, but needs both support and expectations set by studio management. He is overtasked - and accomplishes significant amoand needs the ability to delegat

Meetings are generally longer than they need to be, which makes people restless. Similarly, meetings have a tendency to go off-track. The probability that a meeting will be derailed is proportional to its duration. To constrain that, I'd go with a default meeting duration of 20 minutes. Anything longer than that needs to spend time up front (at the beginning of the meeting), going over a meeting agenda, to be included in the meeting request.

I am unclear of the role of the artists on the team. Both Marc and Doug are highly experienced, but I feel have gotten into a zone of "defensive design". I need them to extend their skillsets and provide not just new solutions, but new problems. case in point - designing in Photoshop is just a starting point, not the end-game. I

One of the points that came up in our retro was Doug's statement - "I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing on this team and I don't know who my boss is". It was a bold and honest statement that moved me.

There is a tendency at ZOS and other large studios to design for limitations and lowest common denominator situations. There's good reason for this - since the number of dependencies for any one thing can be large, and the ownership of these matters can be uncertain. As an example, I'd point to (a) the overreliance on un-altered screenshots used as promotional images and (b) the general lack of other types of promotional imagery - gifs, embedded video, embedded Web-GL.


Jo, here are the teambuilding notes you requested

-	whats working
Collaboration during implementation
Ongoing conversation between design and developers
Increasing usage of analytics to measure performance of designs
APE tool development

-	what's not
Perceived lack of ownership over final product
William B is overtasked. Should be working entoirely on features and tools
Relationship with marketing seems tense
QA is underutilized during design


-	what to watch
increased depth and scope of iterative work
provide simple tools and methods for artists to see their work in the browser
better usage of confluence for collaboration


This is a good team with certain dysfunctional issues that can be addressed to become a better team.

---

## [2017-02-10 15:03] eso

first pass at the site map, gathering data and seeing how it fits together

---

## [2017-02-10 15:41] eso

looking at some existing sitemaps

---

## [2017-02-10 15:54] eso

Have rearranged my monitors again. Trying to get a feel for the distance from this vertical display and how it affects my perception of using the space. Its not the most comfortable thing ty

---

## [2017-02-13 08:25] eso

- discuss jQuery plugins with Will today (slackchat)

---

## [2017-02-14 07:17] eso

preparing In-game Upsell design for sending out to Jo, Matt, Bobby, Marc H

Takeover the full screen with this dialog
Minimize the weight of the text
Eliminate (redundant) “available now” callout

---

## [2017-02-14 08:54] eso

sent out updated upsell design
collating Will's list of jQuery plugins into a spreadheet for later discussion today

---

## [2017-02-15 08:44] eso

Followed up w Bobby W on the upsell screen design, and setup one on one w Jo B

---

## [2017-02-16 08:28] eso

completing the site map todasy
Just noticed that Cory has a claendar setup in COnfluence. Had no idea this feature existed. How would I use it?

---

## [2017-02-16 11:57] eso

Find flights out to Baltimore March 1-3
Staying at hotel across the road from ZOS. FOrgot name.
Car?

---

## [2017-02-16 14:05] eso

starting sitemap in Visio

---

## [2017-02-17 07:11] eso

continuing work on the site map . getting hung up on the details. The goals:
-	Compare current sitemap to new (what has changed)
-	Look at the new site map and determine where content goes (or chould gho)
-	Identify missing pieces

---

## [2017-02-17 07:59] eso

looking at flight info to Baltimore
Delta

Depart SFO-BWI 2/28
Delta 2383
8:55a - 8:03pm 1 stop ATL

Return BWI-SFO 3/4
United 753
7:30a-10:47a

Hotel
Embassy Suites by Hilton Baltimore Hunt Valley

---

## [2017-02-18 19:10] eso

after some false starts, making good progress on mapping existing site

---

## [2017-02-22 08:39] eso

looking at itinerary to ZOS. Some complication w Travel. I am going to treat it as a business expense for reimbursement later.

---

## [2017-02-22 11:55] eso

continuing work on sitemap. finishing today. Just to reflect about this deliverable further. What does it solve?
- Provides information on what templates to make
	- Allows templates to be identified in the diagram
- Provides a framework for content
	- Allows content types to be identsfified in the diagram
	- color coding
		-	conversion
		-	player acquisition
		-	promotion
		-	community
- Shows an overview of project scope
- Starts conversations

Include supplementary materials
- User Type identification & description
- User Goals matrix
- Design Pillars
- Jo B site goals

Incorporate this into a show and tell presentation of the state of the project for studio visit
Who needs to be there?.

Ryan Taljonick - Brand manager
Matt Firor
Jon Lander
Jo Burba
Cory Tsang
Hilary (?)
AJ (?)
Someone from the community team (?)

---

## [2017-02-22 12:51] eso

meeeting with Ryan didnt happen. I sent him an introductory email.

---

## [2017-02-22 15:28] eso

Arrow represent direct links on the page (not universal navigation or back/next)

---

## [2017-02-23 08:54] eso

have finished mapping out Community and Account sections - as they are now.
How do I communicate the structural changes I want to make?
How do I communicate the content within a page (or section) ?
- where does T0 content go? (i.e. which pages have a banner image, which ones don't)


HOME NEWS GUIDES DLC JOIN BUYCROWNS

GUIDES PAGE

Gameplay
-	Races
-	Classes
-	Realm Status

Guides
-	New Players Guide
-	Returning Players Guide

Expansions
-	Homestead
-	One Tamriel
-	Shadows of the Hist
-	Dark Brotherhood
-	Thieves Guild
-	Orsinium
-	Imperial City

Cleaning up current sitemap layout

---

## [2017-02-23 13:37] eso

still cleaning up sitemap layout need sto be easier to read
haven't yet begun my remapping

---

## [2017-02-23 16:23] eso

finished cleaning up existing layout, adding some connections

---

## [2017-02-23 16:46] eso

finished layout for current site

---

## [2017-02-24 08:35] eso

1230 1:1 w Jo Burba
discuss agenda and outcomes for studio visit
reimbursement for travel

1p meeting w Lee on Crown pack Purchase Flow
need to point out existing design for doing this in the prototype
what new ideas does Lee have?
can they be incorporated into existing?

---

## [2017-02-24 08:37] eso

marketing has requested changes to Morrowind page looking at that info now

---

## [2017-02-24 09:25] eso

reduce footprint of email capture block.
- specifically Hilary states: "narrow the size"

Save Morrowind content block
add a widget to house the “Return to Morrowind” trailer? (no need to use the “Watch” text in the mock-up)

---

## [2017-02-24 09:58] eso

looking over the notes, they want the ability to populate any content blocks with trailers and multiple images
- will need to move text out of the blocks and place beneath
- what do "unpopulated" content blocks look like
- how does it work on mobile?

---

## [2017-02-24 11:56] eso

http://files.elderscrollsonline.com/cms/2017/01/86c88b9ac2bbcac423166887c732fd2d.png
http://files.elderscrollsonline.com/cms/2017/01/a86b9d4ab41971d484c11a54ad09e78d.png
http://files.elderscrollsonline.com/cms/2017/01/16d1e5546837dfb8b391102b940ae678.png
http://files.elderscrollsonline.com/cms/2017/01/0681be60a68a4b08c12e05b12445bd3d.png

---

## [2017-02-24 17:40] eso

working through a modified design for landing page, good progress w this approach

---

## [2017-02-24 18:14] eso

finished up mobile layout, working up to other sizes. File is too large to export to AXShare, so cleaning it up to include only the marketing materials

---

## [2017-02-26 11:42] eso

picking up tablet layout for marketing page update

---

## [2017-02-26 14:31] eso

coming along

---

## [2017-02-26 16:15] eso

The direction I iterated to for the tablet view is the good one. Should be flexible and adaptable to mobile

---

## [2017-02-26 16:24] eso

look into variation w image grid instead of content slider

---

## [2017-02-26 17:20] eso

that design is tranposing well for mobile viewport

---

## [2017-02-26 17:35] eso

completed basic layout for tablet and mobile view

---

## [2017-02-26 18:39] eso

am having some indecision about the latest news section is best to continue blocking in the page segments and leaving the rest alone for now. I'll pitch this design tomorrow to the team. I will use this as a starter project to work on using bootstrap and the regular dev pipeline.

---

## [2017-02-27 10:06] eso

have established basic layout for all view, but haven't figured media viewer out yet
also need to see this at a larger view than 1200px

---

## [2017-02-27 11:07] eso

created larger 1600px viewport and started basic layout there. maybe need to make this bigger?

---

## [2017-02-27 15:14] eso

unbelieveably - got hung up on the newletter sign-in form. I've got a working solution now in all viewports

Stop a meteor from crashing into Vivec City by helping a demi-god regain his lost powers.

---

