# Raw Entries for May 2017

**Total Entries:** 275
**Projects:** deepdreamvisionquest, eso, spirit animal

---

## [2017-05-01 01:08] eso

updated confluence w wide and medium views

---

## [2017-05-01 02:16] eso

Finishing mobile layout. working on player guide sidebar

---

## [2017-05-01 02:22] eso

reviewing before export

---

## [2017-05-01 08:53] eso

starting guide page blockout

---

## [2017-05-01 09:14] eso

contacting DOm - he wanted to ask me something


Things I need to be aware of:
What does the Buy Now page look like. Where is it being staged.
I want to avoid using a form dropdown if possible, or at minimum style the mobile layout better, as it impossible to read

---

## [2017-05-01 09:32] eso

Dom wante dto speak about how to do guide titles on the intermediate guide hub page - I pointed out the method I was using in my own designs and showed him how I was incorporating his work into finalized layouts

---

## [2017-05-01 09:44] eso

minor tweak to mobile layout for communityhub page

---

## [2017-05-01 10:43] eso

good start on guide hub page
-

Eso: Morrowind - Naryu Series

eso: Morrowind - Who Are The Wardens Truly?

watch The Warden Gameplay Trailer

warden Guide: Skill Lines And Abilities

join The Eso Free Play Week!

eso Morrowind: Introducing The Warden

eso Morrowind Closed Beta Details

crown Store Showcase: April 2017

---

## [2017-05-01 13:03] eso

an odd planning meeting. Ended abruptly (10 min before it was scheduled to end) I didn't really want to intrioduce the updates to the design without some preface. No doubtthe changes (which look fantastic) seem disruptive. There's an open questioon going around about when we'll be done, and my gut says 3 months is what it would take to get v1 of the site comprehensively staged. WHle it felt awkwartd it seemedto get Jo B personally involved in the process.

My immediate next step is to finish the Guide Hub page as before, but with a new immediate outcome of putting together several page designs side by side, labeling the components, and sending that gfx to Jo in order to provide an overview of the larger patterns and to see the dupication of components.

I also need to point out those screens which have (a) not yet been designed or (b) have not yet been conformed to the final spec.

DESIGN LOCKED
x Community Hub
x Archive Page
x Single Post
x Marketing Page

IN DESIGN
x Guide Hub Page

IN DEVELOPMENT
Buy Now

NEEDS DESIGN CLEANUP (CONFORM TO FINAL SPEC)
x News Page
x Buy Crowns Page
x Pre-Order Page

INCOMPLETE
DLC & Updates Hub Page
Media Page
Crown Store
ESO Plus Page
Search Page

NOT SPECIFIED BUT WILL NEED DESIGN
Standard Guide Page Template(s) (maybe)
DLC microsite pages (at a miniumumn requires Universal Nav, Marketing may want opportunity to re-format these pages)

---

## [2017-05-01 15:47] eso

good first pass on new/returning players selector

---

## [2017-05-01 16:53] eso

continuing to work on header area in all 3 viewports

---

## [2017-05-01 23:42] eso

Have not moved far on this guide hub page design because of overthinking, but have ruled out several prior assumptions.

---

## [2017-05-02 01:20] eso

Re-reading what Ryan wrote and closely matching Dom's work
Is it really necessary to present a retyurning players guide? Or is the index of guides enough?
This page could be very simple.
Re-iterate what it is trying to do again.

---

## [2017-05-02 08:31] eso

putting together catalog of designs - will be useful for upcoming meeting as well

---

## [2017-05-02 09:34] eso

sent design overview out to Jo

---

## [2017-05-02 09:37] eso

next steps
- incorporate content switcher
- add newsletter signup widget to sidebar
- add follow us widget to sidebar
	- Guide Hub
	- Community
	- Archive
	- Single

discuss project plan w Jo later today

confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/services/Redesign+Checklist

---

## [2017-05-02 14:16] eso

continuing w guide hub layout, understanding it better
also building gallery component for inclusion on other pages or in sidebar

---

## [2017-05-02 14:55] eso

getting closer to convergence on this design

---

## [2017-05-02 15:47] eso

NEXT UP IN: (CATEGORY NAME)
MORE (CATEGORY NAME)
Recent FROM (Author)

---

## [2017-05-02 18:41] eso

Have made a lot of progress on the guide page
- figured out tabbed list switcher and extended behavior (pinned to top of browser during scroll)
- figured out proper hierarchy for feature guide content
- conformed T2 gallery list to current spec - first pass

---

## [2017-05-02 21:27] eso

its still not quite there - the tab switcher
best not to fixate on it for the moment,. instead
- how does this control behave at smaller viewports
- how does the list behave when this control is used?
- how does the switcher control behave when the page is scrolled
- what else goes in the sidebar:
	- Area Guides (add to subject list)
	- newsletter signup
	- join ESO plus banner
- annotate design doc to describe horizontal nav = theme/feature, vertical nav = subject

---

## [2017-05-03 08:18] eso

sent out updated Guide Hub page design to Ryan & Dom.

---

## [2017-05-03 08:22] eso

Set up chat with Greg to discuss dropdown navigation behavior
- HTML form controls look poor
- Mobile views aren't readable, likely thwarting conversions
How can we make these controls custom?
What is better pattern for mobile?

Destiny is using similar pattern as us, how do they handle mobile views

---

## [2017-05-03 08:27] eso

Think about what I can provide to Hilary & group at BSW to show current state of design. The previous gfx may be enough, but is probably too dense. Can I incorporate page designs into a screen template wrapper (desktop, tablet, phone)

---

## [2017-05-03 12:20] eso

feedback on the guide hub page design is that it may be too easy to miss the new pplayer/returning player switch.
- could make this page a flat list of guide content so you can scrill thru it. the nav at the top pins to the top of page when scrolling and can be used to autoscroll to the required section
- could create T0 block and include the tabs in this block

---

## [2017-05-04 07:45] eso

Starting on Updates/DLC Hub Page design today

---

## [2017-05-04 08:23] eso

For 1:1 w Shawn today, get his feedback on current state of Guide Hub page. Talk about where I'm going w the design. Send him a copy of the design status pic as a talking point.

---

## [2017-05-04 08:27] eso

make sure that the project calendar is listed on the confluence style guide page

---

## [2017-05-04 08:30] eso

for guide hub page
- 1 version w T0 header
- 1 version without T0 header

---

## [2017-05-04 10:09] eso

refined layout of newsletter signup widget

---

## [2017-05-04 11:34] eso

Marketing scrum going on now
Postponed 1:1 w Shawn to tomorrow (consider rescheduling, since we always push it back)
solved tab widget in a good, idiomatic, typographic manner. solid.
solved

---

## [2017-05-04 15:40] eso

creating boilerplate for Confluence doc

---

## [2017-05-04 17:20] eso

working on responsive layout

---

## [2017-05-05 07:52] eso

continuing to work on video layout - replacing placegholder icons w font-awesome entities
 fa-video-camera

---

## [2017-05-05 07:57] eso

8:15 Scrum
3:00 (tentative) 1:1 w Shawn Lindsey
3:30 1:1 w Jo Burba

---

## [2017-05-05 08:18] eso

web team scrum

create design documentation for the components
Tier-0 Editorial
Tier-1 Editorial
Tier-2-Editorial (Gallery)
Tier-2 Editorial (List)
Sidebar: Newsletter Signup (services)
Sidebar: Social Badges (services)
Sidebar: Guide Table of Contents (navigation)
Sidebar: Recent Guides (navigation)
Sidebar: Recent News (navigation)
Sidebar: Banner Ads

---

## [2017-05-05 08:49] eso

updated ESO-Platform Style Guide page to include Tiered Editorial and Sidebar content docs

---

## [2017-05-05 09:05] eso

Working on responsive layout - doing tablet view and mobile at the same time

---

## [2017-05-05 10:25] eso

finetuning some sidebar components before commiting to them. The left and right padding of the items in various lists is specifically wide, but it may be best to use a default value and make that change in CSS, based on all factors. actually no - there are similar rhythms going on elsewhere. Is it best to normalize them all?

---

## [2017-05-05 11:33] eso

first pass layout for tablet viewport.

---

## [2017-05-05 12:46] eso

doing some refinement of newsletter signup block

---

## [2017-05-05 19:46] eso

completed 2nd pass for tablet viewport, have been conforming sidebar parts in thhe oteh rpage designs to keep tyhings consistent

---

## [2017-05-06 16:41] eso

completed 1st pass for narrow viewport

---

## [2017-05-06 16:43] eso

reviewing- font sizes screwed up by Axure responsive viewport crap.

---

## [2017-05-06 17:24] eso

normalizing page components one by one.
intending to add to boilerplate "component" design docs created yesterday on confluence

---

## [2017-05-06 18:20] eso

posted wide view, will pick up nexrt worksession later with cleanup for medium and narrow views

---

## [2017-05-07 15:21] eso

posted medium view to confluence

---

## [2017-05-07 16:58] eso

further refinement, completed guide hub page layout. I've been making edits to related components in the single page, archive page and community hub page designs as I go, but will need to regress my changes so all designs are using same spec. Consider this bit to be part of annotating the various components.

---

## [2017-05-07 17:57] deepdreamvisionquest

I gained some insights at LASTFEST2017, it was the most nuanced and interactive show thus far. There was a big payoff for staging it with dedicated gear, as I did. One unexpected consequences of that is that I now have a storage space - needed somewhere to stor ethe gear for easy deployment
.

I'm back to the project after some time away. Will organize my goals and thoughts a bit later but here are the outcomes I achieved

- invitation to speak at Piero Scaruffi LAZER talk in July
- private show being planned here with primary goal being promotion and a night of hallucinations that I want to turn into a portrait series.

- next steps?
- many more possibilities than I'd realized, maybe a bit afraid to say it out loud?

---

## [2017-05-07 17:57] spirit animal

I gained some insights at LASTFEST2017, it was the most nuanced and interactive show thus far. There was a big payoff for staging it with dedicated gear, as I did. One unexpected consequences of that is that I now have a storage space - needed somewhere to stor ethe gear for easy deployment
.

I'm back to the project after some time away. Will organize my goals and thoughts a bit later but here are the outcomes I achieved

- invitation to speak at Piero Scaruffi LAZER talk in July
- private show being planned here with primary goal being promotion and a night of hallucinations that I want to turn into a portrait series.

- next steps?
- many more possibilities than I'd realized, maybe a bit afraid to say it out loud?

---

## [2017-05-07 18:02] deepdreamvisionquest

stepping back into python and studying multiprocessing again.

---

## [2017-05-07 18:02] spirit animal

stepping back into python and studying multiprocessing again.

---

## [2017-05-07 18:39] deepdreamvisionquest

The multiprocessing module allows you to spawn processes in much that same manner than you can spawn threads with the threading module.

---

## [2017-05-07 18:39] spirit animal

The multiprocessing module allows you to spawn processes in much that same manner than you can spawn threads with the threading module.

---

## [2017-05-08 07:41] eso

for design doc, need further detail about
Tabs
Table of Contents (content matrix)
Recent Guide

---

## [2017-05-08 08:20] eso

start adding to component docs. Just screenshots would be ok for a start

Guide Page
x	diagram: Sidebar
x	diagram(s): Tabs
-	diagram(s): Newsletter Signup
-	diagram: Table of Contents
Components
-	collate existing examples from design
	- Jumbotron
	- T0 Block
	- T1 Block
	- T2 Gallery
	- T2 List
DLC Update Page
-	find initial wireframe that was sent out on slack
-	create boilerplate Confluence doc

---

## [2017-05-08 10:00] eso

working on selection states for tab widget

---

## [2017-05-08 11:05] eso

Sprint Retro now

---

## [2017-05-08 11:29] eso

short meeting

---

## [2017-05-08 13:36] eso

added tab states to design doc, and writing up notes

---

## [2017-05-08 15:12] eso

provided detailed specification for tabbed navigation including some simple animated GIFS to show intent

---

## [2017-05-08 15:31] eso

added further detail to the section on the Sidebar. Would be a good idea to copy/paste this into the Sidebar doc boilerplate!

---

## [2017-05-08 15:51] eso

created Fancy Tabbed List boilerplate doc

Guide Page
x	diagram: Sidebar
x	diagram(s): Tabs
x	diagram(s): Newsletter Signup
x	matrix: Table of Contents
x	matrix: Recent News

Components
-	collate existing examples from design
	- Jumbotron
	- T0 Block
	- T1 Block
	- T2 Gallery
	- T2 List
x The Sidebar
x Fancy Tabs
- Recent Guides

DLC Update Page
-	find initial wireframe that was sent out on slack
-	create boilerplate Confluence doc

---

## [2017-05-08 16:02] eso

For next worksession
x	diagram(s): Newsletter Signup
x	matrix: Table of Contents
x	matrix: Recent Guides

---

## [2017-05-08 18:29] eso

completed first pass of Newletter Signup block, refining further for clarity. Trying out a different approach with multiple views and sequential list of annotations in the confluence text

---

## [2017-05-08 18:33] eso

for next work session will cleanup the newsletter signup format and include in boilerplate confluence doc

ESO Plus Page Design
Will need to speak to Marketing about where they would like to take this. Is it a re-format, or are there additional points and callouts that they would like to make?
- set up chat w Cory, Dom, Ryan

---

## [2017-05-09 09:13] eso

setting up AX document for News Page

---

## [2017-05-09 09:16] eso

added that older content to a new AX page in the framework. Will spend 30 min with it and see how far I can take it

---

## [2017-05-09 09:38] eso

Done with the News page for the moment. Is looking pretty respectable
- what is the purpose of each item in the sidebar, for example - Patch Notes
- what are the T2 Gallery items shown in the current design. Why only 2? Is there room for more? Are these Featured items? Pinned items? Next items in the list? Crosspromotion w Video? Dedicated space for ESO Live?
- introduce the idea of "Alerts" with this design
	- something is coming soon
	- system info (server status?)
	- featured redirect - redirect customers top another (conversion?) with urgency or interest. because its an alert?
	- twitter feed? perhaps from an event like PAX

---

## [2017-05-09 09:47] eso

DLC Update Page
x	find initial wireframe that was sent out on slack
x	create boilerplate Confluence doc

---

## [2017-05-09 10:51] eso

sketching some further ideas to create wireframe
- post to Slack for 1st round of feedback

---

## [2017-05-09 11:34] eso

chatting w Dom about interim Guide Hub page

---

## [2017-05-09 13:50] eso

Release dates of all Updates and DLC

Homestead (update 13) 2/21/2017
One Tamriel (update 12) 10/18/2016
Shadow of the Hist (DLC) 8/16/2016
Dark brotherhood (DLC) 6/15/2016
Thieves Guild (DLC) 3/23/2016
Orsinium (DLC) 11/18/2015
Imperial City (DLC) 9/26/2015

---

## [2017-05-09 14:16] eso

For next worksession
CORE FUNCTIONS
- capture some examples and reference to timelines on the web
- quick mockup to validate the kind of data to show
- Selection
	- is there value in creating a selection state here?
		- No. The primary goal of this page is to redirect customers to a product, not to a news page or a guide
	- selecting an item could open a panel showing dedicated News or Video on the selection
		- Not a good feature here

- What is the goal of this page?
	- direct customer attention to a product
	- provide overview of all products


SECONDARY
Is there value in providing supplemental navigation or conversion here?
- I had thought so, but now I consider it to be a distraction from the primary goal of this page.
- This isn't actually a hub, its a funnel(!)

---

## [2017-05-09 15:05] eso

this is the timeline I've been studying
https://codecanyon.net/item/first-responsive-timeline/19352502?ref=jqueryrain

---

## [2017-05-09 16:00] deepdreamvisionquest

CTRL-J joins the line below to the end of the current line
CTRL-L selects the current line
CTRL-C copies current line if no selection
CTRL K,B toggle sidebarx

---

## [2017-05-09 16:00] spirit animal

CTRL-J joins the line below to the end of the current line
CTRL-L selects the current line
CTRL-C copies current line if no selection
CTRL K,B toggle sidebarx

---

## [2017-05-09 17:01] deepdreamvisionquest

Try and Except.
If an error is encountered a Try block execution is stopped and transferred down to the Except block. In addition to using an Except block after the Try block, you can also use the Finally block. The code in the Finally block will be executed regardless of whether an exception occurs.

---

## [2017-05-09 17:01] spirit animal

Try and Except.
If an error is encountered a Try block execution is stopped and transferred down to the Except block. In addition to using an Except block after the Try block, you can also use the Finally block. The code in the Finally block will be executed regardless of whether an exception occurs.

---

## [2017-05-09 18:09] deepdreamvisionquest

the join() method tells Python to wait for the process to terminate.

---

## [2017-05-09 18:09] spirit animal

the join() method tells Python to wait for the process to terminate.

---

## [2017-05-10 08:14] eso

picking back up on the Update FUnnel design. Yesterday's insight that this is a funnel rather than a hub was a good insight

HEADER
(optional) FEATURE
TIMELINE
FOOTER

---

## [2017-05-10 08:16] eso

expecting to see some motion on the DLC pages, Rick L is meeting w marketing to discuss his requirements and thoughts on the USP. Not sure if thnis is for Morrowind or DLC in general - reached out to him directly for more info.

---

## [2017-05-10 08:29] eso

looking at the Update 15 presentation now

---

## [2017-05-10 10:40] eso

working on wireframe will post to Slack in an hour

---

## [2017-05-10 10:52] eso

figuring out some basic iconography for "DLC" and "Update"

---

## [2017-05-10 11:25] eso

created design elements for wide view. size and placement reference, doing same for narrow view
\\hvault\Departments\Art\UI\Gary\ESO-PLATFORM\img

---

## [2017-05-10 13:01] eso

meeting about ESO Plus page

what is needed for 6/6?
- what is the significance of 7/5 ?

brainstorm for redesigned page

Clearly communicate the calue of ESO Plus
- what is the value of ESO Plus?

Scale over tiome as new benefits are added

Facilitate FREE TRIAL periods w appropriate content changes
- how do you opt in to the Free Trial?

What do existing players say about subscriptions?
How about comparisons?

---

## [2017-05-10 16:19] eso

continuing to refine ftimeline layout

---

## [2017-05-10 16:46] eso

2 candidates for moving forward with the timeline. Studying my work.

---

## [2017-05-10 17:33] eso

setting up simple grid layout to validate timeline approach.
What are the Pros and COns?

GRID LAYOUT
Pro
	compact
	simple
	straightforward

Con
	difficult to see progression/differences between items
	no context or history
	doesnt distinguish well between DLC or Game updates
	uses Hub model - as if browsing arbitrary listing

TIMELINE LAYOUT
Pro
	Fun, rewards interaction (scrolling)
	Provides context and history
	clearly distinguishes between DLC and Updates
	uses funnel model - listing is biased towards most recent

Con
	expansive, unable to see the list in its entirely
	requires interaction to view (scrolling)

To the point about requiring scrolling, I feel that is actually a kind of engagement with the timeline.
There's not so much content in this list to make scrolling a chore
Similar lists exist in-game that are used (a) tactically and (b) with significantly greater frequency for longer durations

---

## [2017-05-10 18:47] eso

basic look and feel established, other variations possible, be sure to call out usage of that specific tikeline script in the design doc

---

## [2017-05-10 22:38] eso

completed 1st pass layout for wide view
- explains to customers how game updates work
- explains to customers how to get DLC
- pitches member benefits and provides CTA
- makes clear distinction between game packs (DLC) and updates
- provides feature list for each update
- provides immediate links to update/DLC pages (no scrolling required)
- rewards scrolling with a history lesson
- support for Tier-0 editorial block (with associated CTA)

what's missing
- could this listing be more compact?
	- don't want to sacrifice big images
	- only way to make list smaller is to remove feature listing or show only the gfx thumbnail
- could this metaphor be made visually stronger?
	- what about the Year headings I'd previoulsy looked at? bring them back?
- what's clickable?
	- hovering over an item wrapper puts it into a hilite state
	- hovering over a title puts it in a hilite state
		- also puts image into hilite state
		- links behave as normal
	- hovering over an image
		- also puts title into hilite state
		- links behave as normal
- are timeline nodes clickable?
	- I can see how they would be, they look like little buttons
	- making them selectable feels like overkill
- are timeline labels clickable?
	- clicking a date could open an archive page, but this defeats the purpose of a funnel
	- the only relevant destinations from this page are DLC pages, Buy Crowns, Become a Member

Next worksession
- add year headers to timeline
- replace pictures w existing gfx identity for each update
- responsive layout
- distribute mock to Slack discussion group
	- expect to hear about the length of the page
		- follow up with notes from above
- annotation and commentary in confluence

---

## [2017-05-11 07:48] eso

Eric R (the PM) wants to talk about Universal Nav, setting up a meeting to do so

---

## [2017-05-11 07:57] eso

back to idiomatic formatting of the timeline
- see what a difference adding a year block makes (does it?)
- get representative assets from each update listed
	x Homestead
	x One Tamriel
	x Shadows of the Hist
	x Dark Brotherhood
	x Thieves Guild
	x Orsinium
	x Imperial CIty

---

## [2017-05-11 08:01] eso

Ryan's notes on ESO Plus from yesterday
NOTES:
 
ESO Plus Page goal: Clearly communicate the value of ESO Plus in a simple-to-understand, compelling way in effort to educate on the value prop and drive conversion.
 
Page requirements:
•	No age gate (paid media / mailers will drive here over time)
•	Clearly communicate the value of ESO Plus
•	Be built to scale over time as new benefits are added to the subscription
•	Facilitate FREE TRIAL periods w/ appropriate content changes to reflect
•	Copy
•	Static imagery
•	Video (potential)
•	Easily enable test & learn efforts
•	E.g., should allow us to embed an educational video or static image in a way that doesn't simply bury these assets
•	Should feel "premium" to the best of our ability
  
Future considerations:
•	How do we make the page feel more "premium", or reflect a "VIP experience"?
•	Should we eventually consider a member login version of this page to surface member-only info?
•	Maybe something akin to WoW Armory? Check out my beast-mode Paladin: https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/character/burning-legion/sammik

---

## [2017-05-11 08:14] eso

sitting in on the Marketing scrum - E3 coming up, no doubt some requirements will emerge

---

## [2017-05-11 09:08] eso

shifted 1:1 w Shawn to Friday afternoon, sent him a list of design docs I want to talk about

---

## [2017-05-11 09:51] eso

replaced update hero images in the timeline
validating wrapper width? 20px? 30px?

---

## [2017-05-11 10:26] eso

seriously? deal w any padding adjustments in CSS

---

## [2017-05-11 10:37] eso

added year labels. iterating on the visual display

---

## [2017-05-11 11:51] eso

meeting w Eric about Universal nav tomorrow am.
How easy would it be to provide an interactive demo?

---

## [2017-05-11 12:23] eso

finished 2nd pass on timeline format, exporting this design to Slack

---

## [2017-05-11 16:03] eso

strong interest in the design I posted. Its raised good questions about what this page does. I've answered tghose questions to my satiosfaction. Eric B asked if the timeline can be made more compact. I'm working on that now. And I also believe it is possible to further amplify the connection of each block to the timeline itself? Maybe too busy?

---

## [2017-05-11 17:33] eso

creating simplified view of the timeline that addresses some of the feedback positively

---

## [2017-05-11 18:54] eso

completed hi-rez mockup: simplified timeline
iterating further on the other option which uses a 2 column layout to show image + feature text in a compact manner

---

## [2017-05-12 08:07] eso

finalizing yesterdays design updates to post to slack

---

## [2017-05-12 08:34] eso

not happy with the dense view - maybe a matter of vertical space?
maybe a matter of containment?
the content is all blending together and is indeterminate whether text to the side or underneath applies to an image

---

## [2017-05-12 10:28] eso

this new dense timeline layout is unexpected. solid though

---

## [2017-05-12 12:52] eso

William B has stood up a plausible version of the Community Page design using standard components. Definitekly needs refinement but a fantastic start

---

## [2017-05-12 18:20] eso

still hacking at the timeline layout. the emerging solution is so obvious as to have been hidden. As much as I've liked the alternating lineas, it doesnt actually conserve space to do so, and causes some layout problems when trying to associate headrs with the timeline itself. This new version places all images on one side, and all text ion the other

---

## [2017-05-12 18:52] eso

what does the responsive layout look like?

---

## [2017-05-14 09:55] eso

making a start on the responsive layout. Expecting completion during upcoming worksession.

---

## [2017-05-14 10:17] eso

the responsive layout I just setup is the path to follow and refine. validate the proportions by placing a long block of text and see how it looks

---

## [2017-05-14 15:40] eso

approaching 1st draft of tablet layout.

---

## [2017-05-14 16:41] eso

completed tablet layout with minor tweaks to desktop layout

---

## [2017-05-14 22:34] eso

completed 1st pass phone layout
 for tomorrow

- clean up vertical spacing of mobile layout
- export gfx
- update confluence
- post updated design to Slack
- update design status gfx on Style Guide home page
	- provide to Cory, Eric, Jo, Ryan
- study Will's current work on the community/news page
- setup meeting to go over pros/cons of redefining the Community page as the News Page

---

## [2017-05-15 07:23] eso

reviewing my work before posting. Windering if the pages need a title: "Updates and DLC" is unclear where I am on mobile layouts

---

## [2017-05-15 07:32] eso

noticing that the shared asset I'm using for bullet points is messed up at different viewport widths

---

## [2017-05-15 07:49] eso

fixed bullets & layout on Wide view

---

## [2017-05-15 09:27] eso

updating confluence doc

---

## [2017-05-15 15:47] eso

completed Confluence document

---

## [2017-05-15 15:51] eso

I'm a day behind the calendar on the ESO Plus Page re-format. For next worksession:
- research the list of similar pages Ryan shared
- UX audit
- wireframe

---

## [2017-05-16 08:20] eso

Will is making good process on design implementation. Layouts are at the point where I can refine tthem at the CSS level.

P1 research list of membership pages that Ryan shared (ESO Plus)
P1 UX audit for ESO Plus Page
P1 Take a look through the APE directory so I can make a list of what is currently staged and sync to that data
P1 work with Will to get dev environment synced
P1 Speak to Will about the architecture and framework he's setup, so I can make sure I'm working within that
P3 Editorial pass on existing Sidebar doc
P3 create Confluence boilerplate docs for Sidebar components

---

## [2017-05-16 08:32] eso

putting together boilerplate confluence doc for ESO Plus Page design

---

## [2017-05-16 09:34] eso

finishing up some asset preparation w Greg for the Buy Now page controls

---

## [2017-05-16 09:47] eso

where are those notes Ryan provided?

---

## [2017-05-16 09:51] eso

auditing UX for current page

How do I arrive at this page
How do I return to this page?
What are the Membership Benefits?
- access to all DLC for the duration of the subscription
	- From inside the collections UI, players can select the DLC they wish to play and select the "Accept Quest" button
	- Selecting the "Accept Quest" button will put the player on the quest to get them into the DLC
- free Crowns to spend in the in-game Crown Store every month
- Access to Craft Bag, which lets you organize and store the hundreds of crafting materials you'll find in Tamriel
	- without this accessory, all crafting materials are stored in the limited player inventory
- Access to Costume Dyeing at any Dye Station
- Store 2x the normal amount of allowable fu7rnishing and collectibles in Player Housing
- 10% XP Bonus
- Find 10% more gold when looting corpses
- 10% bonus to Crafting Inspiration (craft better items)
- 10% Bonus to Trait Research (research more traits)

as stated on the current page:
x Access to DLC game packs¹
x Crowns to spend on the in-game store²
x Access to Costume Dyeing at Dye Stations
x Expanded crafting inventory3

1x 0% bonus to experience points gain¹
10% bonus to crafting inspiration gain¹
10% bonus to trait research time¹
10% bonus to gold acquisition¹
2x bonus to allowable furnishings and collectibles in player housing

What is the outcome of this page

---

## [2017-05-16 10:34] eso

Ryan provided that research material. Looking through it now

---

## [2017-05-16 11:31] eso

Greg & I completed some good cleanup of the Buy Now controls

---

## [2017-05-16 12:02] eso

meeting on DLC Landing page. The team really likes it. some good ideas for taking it further emerging during our chat

---

## [2017-05-16 12:06] eso

meeting about the Media page now

Requirements:
General:
  Being able to target a specific piece of media with a direct link.
  -	swtor.com/info/media
  Can we auto-watermark/brand overlay? Manage the mark in a single file so we wouldn't have to update a billion files when they do something like remove TU

Types:
Videos: YouTube playlist as a source

Wallpapers:
  Need to be able to get a direct link to a specific wallpaper instead of to the general wallpaper page.
  - Link should pull up the image with the option for all the available resolutions.
  - Upload zip file of all resolutions and it auto-generate links and resolutions.
  - Default preview image should be consistent. Can this be based on the user's screen resolution?

Concept: Jared/Art Team should curate the content.

Screenshots:
  Schedule timer for when they go live so we can obey exclusivity timing from PR.

 High level approach to this flow is that all media is treated as though it were a blog post
 it opens in a single post page which is directly linable and sharable
 media assets are tagged in the CMS w Title, description, and secondary description
 - these fields are searchable, but also sematically groupable

 Take a look at what Destinty is doing w YouTube video playlists exposed on their site

---

## [2017-05-16 14:25] eso

reviewing the notes that Ryan sent

---

## [2017-05-16 18:20] eso

captured gfx from several reference sites to identify functional blocks. Far more similarities than differences. This design has another 2 days - so is running a bit late, part of the way to mitigaste that is to share my6 intermediate work and open up discussion around that

---

## [2017-05-16 18:22] eso

wrapping up this worksession by updating status gfx
point Cory to update when completed

---

## [2017-05-16 18:56] eso

updated status gfx and notified Cory

---

## [2017-05-16 20:39] deepdreamvisionquest

Feeling so blocked by upcoming talk and the private show I've been thinking about
How to stop feeling blocked? Do something now.
- work on my talking points
- collate current work
- update deepdreamvisionquest.com
- contact Piero S to discuss upcoming event and my topic
- create guest list for event
- transfer equipment from storage

---

## [2017-05-16 20:39] spirit animal

Feeling so blocked by upcoming talk and the private show I've been thinking about
How to stop feeling blocked? Do something now.
- work on my talking points
- collate current work
- update deepdreamvisionquest.com
- contact Piero S to discuss upcoming event and my topic
- create guest list for event
- transfer equipment from storage

---

## [2017-05-16 20:53] deepdreamvisionquest

I've setup a local repository on the MacBook

---

## [2017-05-16 20:53] spirit animal

I've setup a local repository on the MacBook

---

## [2017-05-17 09:17] eso

analyzing the screen captures from yesterday before constructing my own schematic

---

## [2017-05-17 10:02] eso

I've analyzed and labeled the patterns in my samples. Now doing the same for current ESO Plus Site

---

## [2017-05-17 10:52] eso

they;re discussing tasks at ZOS, I'll stay out oif it until brought into it.

The widgets found on Archive Page, Guide Page and Single Page post good examples of common usage.
- Archive Browser
- Newsletter Signup
- Player Guide Index

Similarly the behavior of these widgets in the sidebar is described in the respective design docs, and I’ve started an overall guide for the sidebar here:

---

## [2017-05-17 15:54] eso

worked out UX for presengting Price Point matrix
looking at the benefits offered and seeing if they can bd clustered

Access
Access to DLC game packs
- Access to DLC game packs available in the Crown Store and character progression bonuses available for the duration of membership.
- Any progress made using the progression bonuses during the time of membership will remain

Currency
Crowns to spend on the in-game store²
10% bonus to gold acquisition¹

Customization
Access to Costume Dyeing at Dye Stations

Crafting
Expanded crafting inventory3
10% bonus to crafting inspiration gain¹
10% bonus to trait research time¹

10% bonus to experience points gain¹

Housing Benefits
2x bonus to allowable furnishings and collectibles in player housing

---

## [2017-05-17 18:05] eso

blocking out wireframe for the design -
missing this use case:
	- Facilitate FREE TRIAL periods w/ appropriate content changes to reflect

---

## [2017-05-17 21:31] eso

Facilitate new content is considered a T0 wrapper
Deprecate that use case for this design
Have added primitive comparison matrix

---

## [2017-05-17 23:15] eso

blocked out basic layoput as wireframe
moving some parts around to optimize

---

## [2017-05-17 23:24] eso

some interesting iterations generated, evaluating against requirements
- what's missing?

---

## [2017-05-18 00:46] eso

finalized wireframe
sketching out some of the parts

---

## [2017-05-18 01:25] eso

very detailed wireframes
for tomorrow
x export wireframes
- create confluence boilerplate
	- what are the topics?
		- Premium Quality Hero Imagery
			- Existing image is no longer current
			- provide examples of different candidates
		- Banner ad
			- matches hero imagee
			- alternately, uses generic style which includes the ESO Plus Chalice
		- Platform Selector
			- Becomes a dropdown for narrow views, how does that work?
		- Content
			- Offers
				- Best Offer
			- Free Trials (example)
			- Benefits Matrix
			- Tips for Console customers
			- Tips for PC-MAC customers
-visual design
	- how does the header behave?
- documentation
	- where do the buy now prompts direct to?

---

## [2017-05-18 08:16] eso

William B has implemented the sidebar parallax. Its fantastic
I am realizing that the white outl;ine we make around gfx on hover is way too extreme, and that a scaling transition will be so much more satisfying, especially when hovering over items during scroll
- discuss w William B. is it possible to prototype this behavior?
- the larger issue is that hovering over images in particular now feels very binary on/off while other interactioons on the page are graceful and smooth

---

## [2017-05-18 09:03] eso

adding content to design doc.

---

## [2017-05-18 09:25] eso

updated design doc with talking points
- create wireframe for custom menu
- how far can you get withn the desktop design in 1hr
x send out design notes to Ryan, Cory, Dom, Eric

---

## [2017-05-18 10:04] eso

building tab menu

---

## [2017-05-18 10:18] eso

completed tabs wad replaced text with logos

---

## [2017-05-18 10:19] eso

adding table from pre0order page

---

## [2017-05-18 11:09] eso

blocking out offer blocks
- add images as bkg for the next go-around

---

## [2017-05-18 11:21] eso

completed 1st pass on offer blocks. They seem too tall

---

## [2017-05-18 15:10] eso

not so sure this comparision matrix is the premium way to show benefits. WOndering if 2 content blocks associated w picture copuld be used instead?

---

## [2017-05-18 15:37] eso

completed 1st pass of the basic Offer Wrapper. continuing to work on the comparision matrix

---

## [2017-05-18 16:56] eso

iterating thru table layout - getting close to 1st pass

---

## [2017-05-18 18:04] eso

completed 1st pass of table layout

---

## [2017-05-19 08:10] eso

what does the hover state look like for offers?
- entering the hit area activates all states
	- button hover state
	- image hover state

---

## [2017-05-19 08:27] eso

working on Customer Tips section

---

## [2017-05-19 09:08] eso

there's some indecision happening around the number of Crown Packs available for 56/6
The design assumes, and was implemented for 4 items. Now they want to add 2 more
They apparently have some issues w non-symmetrical list of gallery-type items
That screen is not scheduled, its assumed completed, but it clearly needs rethinking.
- for discussion w Jo Burba at 1:1 today
	- hidden tasks
		- DLC product pages
		- Buy Crowns
- for discussion w Shawn Lindsey today
	- ESO Plus page (work in progress)
	- Updated design for Buy Crowns

---

## [2017-05-19 10:38] eso

- add Getting Started Block to ESO Plus Page - that's what's missing

---

## [2017-05-19 11:21] eso

completed 1st pass ESO Plus layout, iterating further for cleanup

---

## [2017-05-19 11:40] eso

2nd pass on Offer Wrapper
- Incorporating Signup CTA into container (no seperate button)
- Make Best Value look Special
- Create Unique Instances
	- Additional Bkg Images
	- Accurate Offer Text
	- Stronger identification with Platform (color code)
- Hilite States

Single Page Post
http://comm.web-dev.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/redesign/news/post/25707/?dark-brotherhood-is-now-available-on-xbox-one-and-playstation-4

---

## [2017-05-19 19:03] eso

completed 2nd pass on Offer Wrappers. Now incorporate platform color coding. realiozing that the imagery here must also relate to the hero image, so have reverted back to the ESO-TU bkh (which is the one currently in use). I have added a section to th design document called "Characterization" which raises questions about what faces and images identify the product following the Morrowind release

---

## [2017-05-19 19:07] eso

starting 1st pass for wrapping Special Features

---

## [2017-05-21 09:46] eso

I'm going to leave the Free Trial in 1st draft until I hear more about it.

---

## [2017-05-21 15:20] eso

simplified Free Trial block undr the assumption that it directs to a seperate description

---

## [2017-05-21 16:02] eso

updated design to use T2 list item to point to eSO Plus editorial
removed the platform specific (tiny) calls to action at the bottom of the page

---

## [2017-05-21 16:48] eso

updating confluence w annotated wide layout

---

## [2017-05-21 16:53] eso

- mobile platform selector menu

---

## [2017-05-21 17:51] eso

completed mobile menu wireframe

---

## [2017-05-21 17:55] eso

One of the issues that;'s likely to come up is how to add an arbitrary number of Offers?
The design assumes a fixed number of items (1 or 3)
The solution for supporting multiple offers is to expose them as a single column list rather than a gallery
- don't solve that now
- This can be coupled with the similar Buy Crowns issue and solved together

---

## [2017-05-21 18:48] eso

working on Tablet layout

---

## [2017-05-21 18:55] eso

using the responsive pattern for when table collapses

---

## [2017-05-21 19:09] eso

reformatted table to fit medium viewport

---

## [2017-05-21 19:19] eso

completed 1st pass medium view
I've addd an empty slot to handle any leftover items

---

## [2017-05-22 06:04] eso

I realized last tnight that the capacity to include Special Offers, was simply the capacity to include another offer block in the list, not a sperate content block as I'd previoulsy assumed

---

## [2017-05-22 06:12] eso

Exported medium layourt to COnfluence
There's a large stakeholder meeting later today. We'll be looking at the Updates Page as well as the ESO Plus Page
I'm finishing the responsive layout as designed, in order to complete the design doc
Will circle back for another iteration of the Offer list that uses single column layout to enable including new content without concern for how the items stack.
- redesign offer blocks
- additional layout for description of tabbed states

---

## [2017-05-22 06:27] eso

started narrow layout. Wondering if necessary for there to be dedicated menu to replace tabs here?

---

## [2017-05-22 07:44] eso

completed narrow layout and updating confluence

---

## [2017-05-22 07:54] eso

- update design doc to show tabbed states
- redesign offer blocks to be single column in all views

---

## [2017-05-22 09:02] eso

redesigning Offer Blocks. rapid iteration

6 Months
$12.99/Month
- value add 1
- value add 2
- value add 3
details
	- total cost
	- renewal schedule

---

## [2017-05-22 09:50] eso

wireframe design candidate. adding details

---

## [2017-05-22 11:29] eso

still iterating on the Offer list item. Maybe getting closer

---

## [2017-05-22 12:08] eso

meeting review notes DLC Updates
- general consensus that the datestamps should be removed
- emphasize paid content
	- color code timeline
- callout ESO Plus Member benefits

meeting review ESO Plus scheduled for tomorrow

---

## [2017-05-22 14:32] eso

arrived at 1st pass design for Offer List Item. I brought up the issue of gallery vs list at the meeting earl;ier, and pointed out the asyymetry of the gallery solution. Hilary claims not to be bothered by it, but still feel compelled to provide an alternate solution.

---

## [2017-05-22 15:12] eso

Validated 1st pass candidate against other iterations, its not bad. maybe a bit busy. Typography needs further review, but very close. Need to validate against these use cases:
PS4
XBOX
PC-MAC
Free Trial

---

## [2017-05-22 16:11] eso

Solving offer List at different widths

---

## [2017-05-22 16:38] eso

medium viewport layout is uneventful

---

## [2017-05-22 17:01] eso

starting on narrow viewport layout
incorporated gallery-style Offer Wrapper to good effect!

---

## [2017-05-22 17:33] eso

updating confluence

---

## [2017-05-22 18:02] eso

for next work session:
Create Navigation:Tabs section
- show color coding for tabbed states
- show list content
	- XBOX solo item
	- Special Item
		- Example of a Free Trial item added to Offer List

---

## [2017-05-23 08:09] eso

sent out gfx and link to design doc to stakeholder group in preparation for review later

---

## [2017-05-23 09:29] eso

creating boilerplate confluence doc for media page

---

## [2017-05-23 11:35] eso

added review notes from kickoff to the design doc.

---

## [2017-05-23 11:35] eso

the core problem to solve is to provide a destination for media URLs
the ability to target media with a direct link

2 pages for this design:
Media Hub
Media Post
Lightbox

Can likely repurpose the Single Page Post design to work for the Media Post page.
- if I were to do so, then what functionality would the page then need?

TITLE
AUTHOR, TIMESTAMP
SHARE

Secondary navigation
RECENT NEWS would become RECENT MEDIA

Conversions
Is there value in selling here?

Services
Is there value in newsletter signup here?

Think about it this way - the post page for media isn't large. The sidebar is likely to be larger than the main content (a problem?)
If I've cared enough to select a link to this page, what might I also care about?
- related media
	- image
	- video
	- playlist
- recent media (historical list)
- Media listed by subject
	- curated content

As long as I'm looking at pictures - why not sign up for an ESO Plus membership?
As long as I'm looking at pictures - why not signup for the newsletter
As long as I'm looking at pictures - why not buy crown store items
- image overload. too many images on the page at this point?

---

## [2017-05-23 16:00] eso

further UX on the Media page. This time the Media Hub

View:
All
Videos
Concept Art
Screenshots
Wallpapers

Reference
http://www.swtor.com/info/media

---

## [2017-05-23 16:20] eso

some quick tweaks to eso plus page design in reaction to feedback from earlier stakeholder review. Also solved narrow T-0 header layout better - allows for word wrapping, etc.)
- edit wide viewport
- edit medium viewport
- update confluence
- send email w changes to stakeholder group

---

## [2017-05-23 16:32] eso

updated Archive page views to use the Archive Nav tweak suggested by Shawn L. Also removed the Search icon+label - IU don't know how to make the UX work for this without further study
- notify Willam B of the change, as he is currently working on this page

---

## [2017-05-23 17:47] eso

captured representative media pages from different sites including youtube and twitch to identify patterns

---

## [2017-05-23 17:50] eso

This task needs to be re-scoped. Encompasses 3 designs. Speak w Cory & Jo.

---

## [2017-05-23 17:51] eso

How do Lightboxes Work? When are they used?

---

## [2017-05-24 09:09] eso

working out details of the LOAD MORE lazy load interacrtion with Will

reference
https://www.crutchfield.com/m_11999/Home-Speakers.html

1. We've arrived at a Category page. Several product categories are listed here
https://www.crutchfield.com/m_11999/Home-Speakers.html

2. Select a category - let's say Floor-standing Speakers
3. Here is a list of floor standing speakers
https://www.crutchfield.com/g_12000/Floor-standing-Speakers.html?tp=185

4. We scroll to the bottom of the list and encounter the LOAD MORE PRODUCTS prompt
5. We select the LOAD MORE PRODUCTS prompt, and several more products are appended to the list
6. And again.
7. And again. This is a very long list of speakers
8. None of these are for us, lets go back to the Category page
9. We select the back button, andit returns us to the Category Page

---

## [2017-05-24 11:58] eso

finishing this worksession with continued analysis of the screens I captured

---

## [2017-05-24 12:19] eso

So what have I learned?
I'm missing an example of a Single Page Post - a unique URL
Ah found one on the bungie.net sit.
Interestingly - selecting media from the gallery opens it in a lightbox (only on the desktop). Copying the link or opening in a new tab opens the SIngle Post page

https://www.bungie.net/en/Community/Detail?itemId=227309216

---

## [2017-05-24 14:38] eso

ZOS would like me to update the DLC Landing page design w requested changes
- need to spend some time doing so during this worksession

x removed dates, updated item spacing to accomodate
x replace UPDATE  text w description "FREE UPDATE"
	x "Included with active ESO Plus™ membership" is the language currently used on the site
x Colorcode Timeline to signify
	x DLC
	x Update

---

## [2017-05-24 16:56] eso

completed revision to Updates Page

---

## [2017-05-24 16:57] eso

For next work session what are the goals:
- Flow diagram or sketch
- Content Inventory (sections, links, patterns)

---

## [2017-05-24 19:08] eso

creating simple prototype to workout the flow and get the layout sketched

---

## [2017-05-24 19:42] eso

completed 1st pass prototype

---

## [2017-05-25 07:54] eso

estimate completion of this design in 30h
I can have desktop layouts ready for review on Friday = 20h
- Media Hub
- Media Gallery (remixed Archive Page)
- Media Post (remixed Single Page Post)
- Lightbox (remixed ZOS-lightbox)

---

## [2017-05-25 07:57] eso

- update Updates page to include placeholder Chapter item "Morrowind" = 1h
	- color code timeline
	- chapter icon
	- add line item to Content section of design doc

---

## [2017-05-25 07:59] eso

Let's analyze the existing flow. Where am I getting stuck?
- after selecting and viewing media from the Hub, must use back button to return to the Hub because Media opens as Unique Post
- after selecting and viewing media from the Gallery, must use nack button to return to the Gallery because Media opens as Unique Post
- after opening a Video Gallery, I have to use Back or reselect the Media menu item to return to the HUB

A. Where does a Unique Post return to?
B. Where does a Gallery page return to?

SOLUTION:
include return links on the pages in question. So at any time these destinations are accessible

Media
- Video
- Concept Art

---

## [2017-05-25 10:22] eso

continuing my thinking on the Media Page UX
The prototype suggests that a breadcrumb element should be used here to facilitate the navigation issues described previoulsy

---

## [2017-05-25 10:32] eso

adding concept art section to prototype to make sure switching between unique galleries works as expected

---

## [2017-05-25 10:38] eso

The prototype works as-is. Adding Lightbox to see how that changes the flow

---

## [2017-05-25 11:05] eso

Its awesome
Adding the lightboxes to the gallery pages, and will have wrapped up the flow

---

## [2017-05-25 11:17] eso

converted all font to Arial to keep it simple and ensure viewability

---

## [2017-05-25 11:24] eso

Export prototype to AXShare w password [REDACTED]
Construct flow diagram w wireframe assets
- update confluence to include link to prototype
- update confluence to include link to flow diagram

---

## [2017-05-25 13:06] eso

next worksession to focus on the layouts at last.
Take the approach of modifying existing screens where possible. Only the Media Hub Page should be Unique, and thats not so different than the Archive Page

---

## [2017-05-25 13:21] eso

need to include text annotation on the diagram as well as the design doc

---

## [2017-05-25 13:26] eso

flow diagram is too dense, break it up into individual steps that can be described in a table in the design doc

---

## [2017-05-25 15:42] eso

simplified flow diagram to be a one by one catalog of interactions. Updated confluence. This was a good approach. Also included the previous map I'd created

---

## [2017-05-26 00:13] eso

completed 1st pas of media hub page
constructing media gallery page from this design

---

## [2017-05-26 01:02] eso

completed 1st pass of media gallery page

---

## [2017-05-26 01:04] eso

for next worksession
- create media post page
	- how is this different than the single post page?
		- lacks advertising (?)
		- sidebar may be useful for
			- newsletter signup
			-
	- for tomorrow's presentation - use a design without sidebar and steer conversation towards what value can be

---

## [2017-05-26 01:26] eso

completed 1st pass of Media Post Page
- need to validate with several content types
	- video
	- portrait orientation
	- wallpaper

---

## [2017-05-26 01:32] eso

Media Hub
Media Gallery
Media Post
	- validate against different content types
		- video
		- landscape orientation
		- portrait orientation
		- wallpaper
Lightbox
	- quick redesign or use existing?)

---

## [2017-05-26 01:34] eso

great work today.

---

## [2017-05-26 08:10] eso

adding ESO Plus membership & newsletter signup widget to Media Post page

---

## [2017-05-26 08:13] eso

rapid iteration cycle thru the post page

---

## [2017-05-26 09:21] eso

exported media hub candidate

---

## [2017-05-26 09:31] eso

doing a second pass on the media gallery - as I want to provide an example of showing 44 videos in a flat list vs a categorized list

---

## [2017-05-26 10:58] eso

updating confluence w current work
meeting postponed to Tuesday
meeting laster on the DLC Landing page

---

## [2017-05-26 11:51] eso

dev needs for Updates funnel
- add chapter item
	- need chapter icon

---

## [2017-05-26 12:36] eso

creating list of all posted videos

The Elder Scrolls Online – One Tamriel Launch Trailer
The Elder Scrolls Online: Introducing One Tamriel
The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind - Return to Morrowind Gameplay Trailer
The Elder Scrolls Online - Welcome Homestead
The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind Announcement Trailer
The Elder Scrolls Online: Homestead First Look
The Elder Scrolls Online: Welcome to Shadows of the Hist
The Elder Scrolls Online: Cradle of Shadows
The Elder Scrolls Online: Ruins of Mazzatun
The Elder Scrolls Online: Dark Brotherhood – Blood Will Flow Trailer
The Elder Scrolls Online: Dark Brotherhood – First Look
The Elder Scrolls Online: Join the Thieves Guild
The Elder Scrolls Online: Introduction to Thieves Guild
The Elder Scrolls Online: Thieves Guild – First Look
ESOTU - Reforging Orsinium
Creating ESO - Arboretum District
ESOTU - Liberate the Imperial City
ESOTU - Day One in Tamriel
ESOTU - A Hero's Journey
ESOTU: Four Friends
This is ESOTU – Exploring Tamriel
This is ESOTU – The Elder Scrolls with Friends
This is ESOTU – Freedom and Choice
This is Tamriel Unlimited
Explore The Elder Scrolls Online – Update 6
This is ESOTU – The Elder Scrolls with Friends
This is ESOTU – Freedom and Choice
The Elder Scrolls Online - The Confrontation
The Elder Scrolls Online – The Three Fates Cinematic Trailer
Update 4 Preview Video
Update 3 Preview Video
The Elder Scrolls Online - The Siege Cinematic Trailer
E3 Video: Live Another Life
Developer Play Session: Veteran Crypt of Hearts
Developer Play Session: Blacksmithing in Tamriel
The Elder Scrolls Online - The Arrival Cinematic Trailer
Dev Play Session -- ESO Group Content
The Elder Scrolls Online - War in Cyrodiil
Character Progression: Be Who You Want To Be
Character Creation
The Elder Scrolls Online - E3 2013 Gameplay Trailer
The Elder Scrolls Online - Alliances at War
An Introduction to The Elder Scrolls Online
The Elder Scrolls Online - War in Cyrodiil
Gathering & Exploration
Journey to Coldharbour
The Elder Scrolls Online - The Alliances Cinematic Trailer
An Introduction to The Elder Scrolls Online

---

## [2017-05-26 14:01] deepdreamvisionquest

The upcoming LASER talk has been sublimating even as it seemed like procrastination.
The title:
	So Much Neural
The subject:
	I want to talk about how my life as a videogame designer has influenced my new work and describe the ways I learned to use 	psychedelic machine learning to look for Universal Images

The Theme:
	Deep Dreams, Universal Images

Notes
This talk answers the question, “where do the images come from”, “why these images are important”, “where do these feelings come from”,”I can’t take my eyes off it. Why?”, What is the meaning?

For show and tell,
- it uses a series of computed portraits with imagery produced by my Deep Dream Vision Quest neural video installation.
- full setup with magic mirror
- projected setup

What have I discovered from live shows
- people matter
- staging and setting matter
Where does the data come from and who owns it?
What do I get out of it?
Applications
- entertainment
- therapy
- outreach
- surveillance
- roleplaying

Talking Points

We live in a hyper modern world where things blur together, the categories are blending together.

What does human mean now? The Othering. To be Other.


My mom is seeing AI in her camera. Its a filter that restyles the world like a painting. How is that app on her phone different than my work?

The Mandela Effect - why?

We seek to surface that which lies submerged – desire, guilt, fear, ambition – to bring to light the truth the waking mind keeps hidden
Why?
To find the Familiar in the Alien
Why?
Because the contrast is exciting
Why
Because there are Universal Images
Why
They resemble the classifications of a neural network
Why
The underlying behavior of learning machines must be universal
Why
Because the algebra and the architecture is the same

Therefore:
All perception begins as hallucination
Mental images from activated neural patterns  project outward as iterations in a feedback loop of recognition-reclassification
Neural patterns?
Yes. Archetypes. Geometric memories.  Arrays of filters.
Projected from where?
The Center
What is at the center?
Me. I am hiding something

What are some of the themes common to this imagery
Repetition
Embellishment
Replacement
Structure
Autocompletion
Suggestion
Shorthand
Radial Symmetry
Scale

---

## [2017-05-26 14:01] spirit animal

The upcoming LASER talk has been sublimating even as it seemed like procrastination.
The title:
	So Much Neural
The subject:
	I want to talk about how my life as a videogame designer has influenced my new work and describe the ways I learned to use 	psychedelic machine learning to look for Universal Images

The Theme:
	Deep Dreams, Universal Images

Notes
This talk answers the question, “where do the images come from”, “why these images are important”, “where do these feelings come from”,”I can’t take my eyes off it. Why?”, What is the meaning?

For show and tell,
- it uses a series of computed portraits with imagery produced by my Deep Dream Vision Quest neural video installation.
- full setup with magic mirror
- projected setup

What have I discovered from live shows
- people matter
- staging and setting matter
Where does the data come from and who owns it?
What do I get out of it?
Applications
- entertainment
- therapy
- outreach
- surveillance
- roleplaying

Talking Points

We live in a hyper modern world where things blur together, the categories are blending together.

What does human mean now? The Othering. To be Other.


My mom is seeing AI in her camera. Its a filter that restyles the world like a painting. How is that app on her phone different than my work?

The Mandela Effect - why?

We seek to surface that which lies submerged – desire, guilt, fear, ambition – to bring to light the truth the waking mind keeps hidden
Why?
To find the Familiar in the Alien
Why?
Because the contrast is exciting
Why
Because there are Universal Images
Why
They resemble the classifications of a neural network
Why
The underlying behavior of learning machines must be universal
Why
Because the algebra and the architecture is the same

Therefore:
All perception begins as hallucination
Mental images from activated neural patterns  project outward as iterations in a feedback loop of recognition-reclassification
Neural patterns?
Yes. Archetypes. Geometric memories.  Arrays of filters.
Projected from where?
The Center
What is at the center?
Me. I am hiding something

What are some of the themes common to this imagery
Repetition
Embellishment
Replacement
Structure
Autocompletion
Suggestion
Shorthand
Radial Symmetry
Scale

---

## [2017-05-28 10:31] deepdreamvisionquest

Configured Windows w Sourcesafe and so forth

---

## [2017-05-28 10:31] spirit animal

Configured Windows w Sourcesafe and so forth

---

## [2017-05-28 21:32] deepdreamvisionquest

building the feature block on the main deepdreamvisionquest page
- create blog posts
    + Beginning
        * setup
        * testing
    + Middle
        * moments
        * best of
    + End (these are placed in a seperate media gallery accessible from top menu)
        * encounters (video)
        * portraits

---

## [2017-05-28 21:32] spirit animal

building the feature block on the main deepdreamvisionquest page
- create blog posts
    + Beginning
        * setup
        * testing
    + Middle
        * moments
        * best of
    + End (these are placed in a seperate media gallery accessible from top menu)
        * encounters (video)
        * portraits

---

## [2017-05-29 16:21] deepdreamvisionquest

Not sure how much I really accomplished in this worksession. The site looks different. probably better. Definitely cleaner. But where is the new content?

---

## [2017-05-29 16:21] spirit animal

Not sure how much I really accomplished in this worksession. The site looks different. probably better. Definitely cleaner. But where is the new content?

---

## [2017-05-29 16:30] eso

Prep work for design review this worsession
- take a fresh look at the work posted to COnfluence
- take a fresh look at the Axure project

---

## [2017-05-29 16:59] eso

The Video Gallery is a question mark - its unreasonable to place 44 videos in a flat list and expect to guide users to the content.
Its also unclear how the videos can be grouped
One reasonable solution would be to direct users to a youtube playlist from a video thumbnail. Featured content coulde be... featured on the page, all other content could be wrapped up into a playlist
The playlists can potentially take on the categorization I've designed into the list

scenario1 - flat list
scenario2 - smaller flat list
scenario3 - categorized list
scenario4 - smaller categorized list
scenario5 - featured video items + categorized small list
scenario6 - featured video items + categorized playlists

---

## [2017-05-29 17:04] eso

x finish categorizing video content matrix to derive full naming scheme
- replace video items with playlist items as design iteration
- update prototype to jump to YouTube Playlist for designated items in the video gallery
- update confluence
	- design goals for Media Hub
	- design goals for Media Archive
	- design goals for Media Post
	- design goals for Lightbox
	- lightboxed content
		- create lightbox layout
			- remove prev/next controls
			- lightbox title links to media post
		- describe when & why lightboxes are used
- create lightbox design
- demonstrate wallpaper media post

---

## [2017-05-29 18:27] eso

added video content matrix to confluence doc

---

## [2017-05-29 18:31] eso

During the design review there is likely to be some surprise about the complexity of the Media system. In preparation for that, what can be scaled back - if linkable media were no longer a requirement, for example?

---

## [2017-05-30 07:40] eso

x finish categorizing video content matrix to derive full naming scheme
x replace video items with playlist items as design iteration
x demonstrate wallpaper media post

P2 create lightbox design
		- create lightbox layout
			- remove prev/next controls
			- lightbox title links to media post
		- describe when & why lightboxes are used
P3 update prototype to jump to YouTube Playlist for designated items in the video gallery

---

## [2017-05-30 08:16] eso

Scrum Notes
1 week before 6/6 release!
I'm updating the Buy Crowns page and creating the Error page this week. Those are expected to be quick designs. I'm also expecting additional follow-up from the Media page(s)

---

## [2017-05-30 09:07] eso

Need to speak w Ryan about what he wants for the Buy Crowns update
Eric mentioned an ESO Plus CTA

---

## [2017-05-30 10:11] eso

Review has been pushed back a few hours. Taking the time to clean up the design doc

P2 create lightbox design
		x create lightbox layout
			- remove prev/next controls
			- lightbox title links to media post
		- describe when & why lightboxes are used
P3 update prototype to jump to YouTube Playlist for designated items in the video gallery

1. the lightbox scales to fit the viewport
2. Removing Prev/Next from the Lightbox. Why?
	- I believe the prev/next pattern on lightboxes makes sense when repeated actions can be performed on the enries in the sequence.
	- For our purposes, navigating sequences in the lightbox removes customers from the broader context of browsing media
3. Selecting the Media Title opens the lightboxed media on a dedicated Media post page
4. Content
	- Video
	- Image
		- Wallpaper DL
			- resolutions are listed low to high
5. The lightbox centers all content horizontally and vertically in a given viewport
	- the media ales to fit the viewport
	- the media should never be scaled larger than its native size

---

## [2017-05-30 10:57] eso

working out the use cases for lightboxing
- single image
- wallpaper
- video

---

## [2017-05-30 11:26] eso

design doc is ready for review.
Adding design goals section to summarize what each part is and does

---

## [2017-05-30 12:01] eso

Minor feedback on Guide and Media Pages. general Buy in. Some further thinkiung required on the contents of the Guide Page. Specifically for New vs Returning customers.
The first step to pushing that decision further is to provide representative example (interactive?) of the tab system in action
Existing Guide COntent
- only show 1st entry large, use 2-col layout or listview for other entries
Returning players
- include Updates list here to see how Marketing reacts


- Confluence documentation for Media Page
	- responsive layouts
		- get started on the first one and estimate completion for all
- update design spec for Buy Crowns
	- what's missing?
		- send updated comps to workgroup and ask
- Create simple prototype of New/Returning Player Tabs on AXShare and share w Hillary, Ryan, Eric, Cory

---

## [2017-05-31 10:12] eso

updating the design spec for the media page to include responsive design
- hadn't previously recognized the value, but the intent for this page is to conserve vertical space. one way of doing so is by reducing the number of items on the page based on viewport width

---

## [2017-05-31 10:21] eso

updating the design states is a bit tedious, but just a matter of work, nothing unexpected other than the iudea of reducing the item count per row

---

## [2017-05-31 10:31] eso

It will go much faster and also get the point across if I grey box the responsive layouts as the 1st pass

---

## [2017-05-31 11:44] eso

Will seems to have an interesting solution in place for the media hub lists in which the number of items is dependent upon the width of the viewport - switching to that direction

HARPY, ECHATERE, DURZOG
LAND DREUGH CONCEPT
EBONHEART PACT ARMORS
GRIEVOUS TWILIGHT

CHIEF BAZRAG BEFORE THE GATES OF ORSINIUM
UNEARTHING DWEMER SECRETS
PRAISE THE ORC-FATHER AT THE SHRINE OF MALACATH
NEW EYES ON WROTHGAR HORIZONS

SHADOWS OF THE HIST
THE LAST LAUGH
WHEN TIME RUNS OUT
THIEVES GUILD - FLEEING THE GUARDS

IGNI
ALOYSIUS LAROQUE
ULFGARDE
EMMIEFISH

THE ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE: MORROWIND – NARYU’S GUIDE TO THE WARDENS
ESO LIVE - GAMEPLAY BALANCE DISCUSSION & MORROWIND GAMEPLAY
THE ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE: MORROWIND – ASSASSINS AND THE GREAT HOUSES

---

## [2017-05-31 12:16] eso

added Media Hub narrow view to confluence doc. It assumes the system Willam B mention in which the width of the viewport determines number of items shown

---

## [2017-05-31 14:11] eso

completed responsive layout for Media Gallery, updatimng confluence

---

## [2017-05-31 14:26] eso

finished all media gallery layouts
moving on to media post page

---

## [2017-05-31 14:53] eso

completed media page design doc

---

## [2017-05-31 15:21] deepdreamvisionquest

Reading up on the LASER talks


The LASERs are a national program of evening gatherings that bring artists and scientists together for informal presentations and conversation with an audience


Fromm Hall
2497 Golden Gate Ave
San Francisco, CA 94118

Fromm Hall hosts art studios, student housing, the Fromm Institute for Lifelong Learning, and Saint Ignatius parish offices.

Informal
35 minutes
assumptions: projector screen (how big)
USF, Fromm Hall, Berman Room, FR115

---

## [2017-05-31 15:21] spirit animal

Reading up on the LASER talks


The LASERs are a national program of evening gatherings that bring artists and scientists together for informal presentations and conversation with an audience


Fromm Hall
2497 Golden Gate Ave
San Francisco, CA 94118

Fromm Hall hosts art studios, student housing, the Fromm Institute for Lifelong Learning, and Saint Ignatius parish offices.

Informal
35 minutes
assumptions: projector screen (how big)
USF, Fromm Hall, Berman Room, FR115

---

## [2017-05-31 16:13] deepdreamvisionquest

The question I'm trying to answer is how can I show realtime hallucinations in the room?
Can I rely on the projector?
Should I consider my own projector?
Should I consider the full Deep Dream rig?

setup time needs to be minimal. talk is only 35m
need to setup and test before the talk

The talk is a show & tell
The showing is more epic when it points at an audience
With the right rig - could demonstrate specific effects & setups - camera, light

---

## [2017-05-31 16:13] spirit animal

The question I'm trying to answer is how can I show realtime hallucinations in the room?
Can I rely on the projector?
Should I consider my own projector?
Should I consider the full Deep Dream rig?

setup time needs to be minimal. talk is only 35m
need to setup and test before the talk

The talk is a show & tell
The showing is more epic when it points at an audience
With the right rig - could demonstrate specific effects & setups - camera, light

---

## [2017-05-31 16:23] deepdreamvisionquest

requested more info about the space from @usfca

---

## [2017-05-31 16:23] spirit animal

requested more info about the space from @usfca

---

