# Raw Entries for December 2018

**Total Entries:** 63
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2018-12-02 19:53] eso

doing some cleanup work to Location page and updating confluence as I go

---

## [2018-12-02 21:59] eso

updated location page
updated arrow nav design

---

## [2018-12-03 09:45] eso

waiting for meeting w Eric to discuss Community Hub Page and Featured Streamers page (which branches out from Community Hub page)

Adding further detail to ZOS-Platfrom Landing Page carousel as there are layout changes to the content when the new PREV/NEXT buttons are placed.

---

## [2018-12-03 10:51] eso

updated layout and metrics for Location Page feature carousel. Validating before posting to confluence

---

## [2018-12-03 12:15] eso

meeting w Eric on Streamer Spoke page

---

## [2018-12-03 14:56] eso

I've built out visual reference for the Location Page carousel while working out details of the prev/next arrows and fine tuned layout of the feature

---

## [2018-12-03 15:37] eso

its not to late to reconside this approach. Feeling like the non-art-directed images are getting in the way since there's a strong emphasis placed here, otherwise its space consuming

---

## [2018-12-03 15:55] eso

updated Maryland page w revised carousel screenshots

---

## [2018-12-03 16:14] eso

updated Maryland resource Page with revised design

---

## [2018-12-03 16:26] eso

created new documentation for Navigation Prev/Next

x Prepare ZOS invoice
x Career Post
P1 update/review JIRA
P2 Community Hub Page
P2 Layout update Community/Streamer Page
- ask David to create a picks gallery for each subject from photoshoot
- meet w Dom
- meet w David

---

## [2018-12-03 19:42] eso

cleaning up layout for Career Post page

---

## [2018-12-03 22:41] eso

updated confluence doc for Career Post

NEXT
x provide Greg w prev/next icon design update for Carousel widget
x provide Greg with Type spec for MESA Carousel
P1 Community Hub Page
x update/review JIRA
P2 Layout update Community/Streamer Page
- meet w Dom ZOS Site
	- About Us Page
- meet w David ZOS Site
	+ About Us Page
	+ Photoshoot
P3 Reorganize UX documentation for ESO-Platform
	- use BNET Design Library as an example
	- https://confluence.zenimax.com/display/BNET/UX+Design+Library

---

## [2018-12-05 11:14] eso

Community Home on CMS

prototype 1:

BNET has put together a UX Hub page on COnfluence
https://confluence.zenimax.com/display/BNET/UX+Design+Library

The UX design library is great
Definitely  worth it to study this material and adapt my own for ZOS

---

## [2018-12-05 11:34] eso

looking at the Communityu Content Creator Page docs
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/services/Community+Content+Creator+Page

---

## [2018-12-05 11:52] eso

could not find the work Eric had previously explored, but easy enough to make my own. I'm working in the dev CMS to see how far I can get

P1 Community Hub Page
P2 Layout updates Community/Streamer Page
P3 Reorganize UX documentation for ESO-Platform
	- use BNET Design Library as an example
	- https://confluence.zenimax.com/display/BNET/UX+Design+Library
- meet w Dom ZOS Site
	- About Us Page
- meet w David ZOS Site
	+ About Us Page
	+ Photoshoot

---

## [2018-12-05 12:13] eso

taking a look at MESA production page

---

## [2018-12-05 12:52] eso

Met w Eric & Lee to discuss a sprint of work on Crown STore 2.0 in January
(transcribe paper notes)

MESA is about to become a big priority. There are some significant presentational issues to consider. specifically having to do with the Kuula section, the Announcement Carousel, image sis in containers at various viewport widths and widescreen layout issues.
(set up meeting w Eric to go over these concerns)
(are we having MESA status meeting on Friday? If no, we should)

---

## [2018-12-05 13:32] eso

made some repairs to Kuula container with inline CSS. Created confluence doc to capture my changes
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/EP/2018/12/05/ESO-Platform+Kuula+Container+Notes

---

## [2018-12-05 16:59] eso

should I be designing this in the CMS at all? YES

---

## [2018-12-05 17:50] eso

NO HERO IMAGE
	All Sections are T0
ANNOUNCEMENT
NAVIGATION
	Universal Nav

COMMUNITY FEATURE- could be video, article, image or event
FEATURED STREAM
FEATURED GUIDE
FEATURED FANART
FEATURED EVENTS
CTA: JOIN THE STREAM TEAM
RESOURCES
	PODCASTS
	WEBSITES
	ARTICLES
	Forums
	Devtracker
OFFICIAL CONTENT
	Community News
	Social
		Official Twitter
		Official Facebook

---

## [2018-12-06 00:08] eso

I've made good progress by sketching and that's the material I'll present tomorrow rather than constructing detailed wireframe in Axure. Still some miscommunication between Eric, myself & community about what this page is supposed to be. So I want to discuss these things:

x work through export from notability into confluence as gfx
	- create confluence doc for wireframes?
	- export as PDF?

NAVIGATION (HOW DID I ARRIVE AT THIS PAGE)
x show COMMUNITY Link in top menu
	+ may want to update layout of that section of the universal nav to emphasize/amplify
x show Community Links in Universal Nav
	+ Streams
	+ Art
	+ ESO Live
	+ Join the Stream Team

FEATURES
use screenshots for the img placeholders
- what segments? why/why not use the ones I specified?
- these relate to top-level menu items in the universal nav
x sketch details of streamer subject menu
	- https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/services/Web+Live+Stream+Design as reference
x sketch details of fan art subject menu
x sketch details of ESO Live subject menu
x sketch details of Join the Stream Team CTA
P3 show example of variable numbers of features (2 feature sonly, 4 features) to demonstrate how the CTA is always pushedto end of list, and how list length can be variable

RESOURCES
- what am I missing in the ones I've listed?
- what to omit from the one's I've included
x sketch details of resource header and tabs
x demonstrate how different content types would appear
	- links
	- people
	- articles

---

## [2018-12-06 11:05] eso

design review pushed back to 12p
UX sketching on iPad going well. This will give me some time for polish & cleanup

---

## [2018-12-06 11:42] eso

completed my sketches, exporting PDF and practicing presentation

---

## [2018-12-06 11:51] eso

ready to present

---

## [2018-12-06 12:31] eso

presentation exposed discussion points, and overall idea went well.
some questions remaining though about content types. My idea is to layout a couple of different card types that can be used in these slots, as demonstrated in the wireframes

- create confluence doc for page design
	+ create screenshots from PDF for text annotation in that doc under a "wireframe" section
- build out wireframes in Axure
- finish Kuula section cleanup and notes
	- integrate David's update map art asset into this page.
- take a look at carousel section and make design notes
	- are the arrows working visually?
	- vertical spacing and overal height of the section
	- header placement is too close to items
- analyze overall page layout at different viewport sizes
- check in w Daniel on his status

---

## [2018-12-06 17:20] eso

new statement of work has arrived from ZOS

---

## [2018-12-07 11:08] eso

completed some work on MESA Production page. New Necromancer bkg. Passed along my Kuula section notes to Will who implemented those changes. Attending Eagle site meeting

---

## [2018-12-07 11:30] eso

Eagle project site is kicking off. Sent a note to Marc Hudgins requesting discussion of creative & visual goals. Assets in progress by that team are on hvault \\hvault\Departments\Mobile\Art\Eagle

---

## [2018-12-10 13:24] eso

Retro meeting earlier today
SOme Light MESA production work - just getting bkg images swapped in by request
Working on Community Home, bytr so far have spent most of my time on a different kind of image header bkg

---

## [2018-12-10 14:24] eso

worked out details of new T0 section type as well as provided some text images
Seeing about organizing the page layout - blocking out, not detailing!

---

## [2018-12-10 17:32] eso

I've completed 1st pass responsive layout for all views, w an accordion menu in xs viewport

---

## [2018-12-10 17:43] eso

x create layout Resources - URL list (websites)
P1 build Featured Streamer Card
P1 build ESO Live Card
P1 build Guides Card
P1 build Join Stream Team CTA card
P2 create layout Resources - People list (gurus)
P2 create Resources layout for Excerpt list (news)
P2 update Universal Nav to show new COmmunity link & submenu items

---

## [2018-12-11 08:37] eso

created confluence doc for presenting the design
shifting my focus to xs and l viewports to have nmaterial stood up for discussion

---

## [2018-12-11 11:23] eso

I've mocked up all the sections of 1200px layout
some open questions on how the header behaves in mobile view, but needed to place my focus on a standard view to get consenus and further direction. Updated conflunce w exported gfx

- listen
- show exported gfx on confluence
- show page in browser
	+ compare to wireframe
	+ demonstrate how the header behaves

---

## [2018-12-11 12:06] eso

That meeting was a bit confusing with regard to the content of the page
My takeaway - for the resource section, they just want categorized text links
They just want Featured Streamer, Featured Guide and Join Stream Team Features
They're good with the direction of the layout

---

## [2018-12-11 12:08] eso

taking a look at the Wrathstone page that David has been putting together. Theirs some weirdness going on w the header
Also prepping the MESA production page to fix vertical space issues on the carousel section

---

## [2018-12-11 12:24] eso

Doing some work on MESA - cleaning up the carousel section - metrics & fill color. Applying same changes to the Wrathstone page. These need to be communicated to Dev though

---

## [2018-12-12 08:13] eso

Eric compiled notes from yesterday's community meeting. Added them to design doc

---

## [2018-12-13 09:29] eso

I'm continuing to work on refining the MESA page, but have run into weird bug in one of the section. Closer inspection reveals a very strange HTML structure generated by this widget, which may be a contributing factor
- go over my CSS edits to MESA page with Greg
- discuss weirdness I'm seeing in thae Update2-Feature-Detail widget implementation

As an experiment, I'm going to try 2 things
- remove HTML Block and see what happens
- rebuild section and see what happens

My larger goal with this section is to
- adjust the image wrappers to fit correctly
- examine the behavior at widescreen, and prevent layout from becoming wider than 1170px

---

## [2018-12-13 10:15] eso

I see the source of the problem I was having yestyerday, and why the HTML is structured so strangely - its actually being passed along as a data attribute in the containging A tag. Does everything else bhave the same way? I found the source of the error I was seeing though - easily corrected by using '' within my edits as the quotation marks were causing problems. Unexpected.

While shrouded from public view, Tamriel has always been home to those who practice the forbidden arts. Now you can make the undead serve your will with the all-new Necromancer Class

---

## [2018-12-13 11:42] eso

I'm working out some visual ideas in tge "Prepare for Adventure" section which is much easier to manipulate. Even so, there is an HTML change to columns that I need to discuss w Greg

---

## [2018-12-13 12:11] eso

created MESA design notes confluence doc to capture and communicate issues to dev

---

## [2018-12-13 16:02] eso

completed annotations for PREPARE FOR ADVENTURE section

---

## [2018-12-13 18:24] eso

continuing work on MESA page refinements. SPoke w Eric about it earlier. greg is expecting changes and will discuss w him tomorrow. Hopefully we can sit down together and have real-time play by play on Slack. My expectation is that these changes are applicable to all content using the affected templates. Put another way - I expect the same changes to work w Wrathstone

---

## [2018-12-14 15:56] eso

shifted focus to the Community Creator Page. Regrouping on this design and giving more attention to the full UX of the thing. What does that mean?
Creating content "packages" for each section from real world data to see how it incorporates on to the page

Neither dev is here for the rest of the month, which is a matter of some concern, but reduces urgency of the MESA page cleanup I've been working on

---

## [2018-12-16 14:47] eso

reviewing my previous work on the Community Creators Home Page

---

## [2018-12-16 21:50] eso

continuing & finishing the community creator page layout tomorrow. Refined initial idea to presentation mockup level and not entirely satisfied with it - or rather, I could be cleaner, do more with the methods available. So closing out tonights session after some exploration of 'card" in the wild and experimenting with layout iterations

---

## [2018-12-17 09:00] eso

continuing work on Community Creators page after introducing some simplicity (maybe) over the weekend

---

## [2018-12-17 11:05] eso

I'm on to a good solution

---

## [2018-12-17 12:20] eso

looking clean - a step forward. Using masonry widget for categorized list of links

---

## [2018-12-17 17:13] eso

completed candidate design at 1024px view
NEXT
- adapt to other viewports
- evaluate all viewports
- export presentation layout to confluence

---

## [2018-12-17 23:00] eso

adapted header block for all views

---

## [2018-12-18 08:27] eso

Eric's reaction to the layout I stood up is positive. Jess is out for the holidays, so we will review later. He asked me to do a layout for a Community Guides page. Have reached out to Dom for input on that

NEXT
x share presentation layout w Eric, Jess, Gina on slack
x collate team feedback
- adapt ax layout to to other viewports
- evaluate all viewports
- export presentation layout to confluence
- identify use cases to demonstrate
- add use cases to confluence doc
- editorial cleanup to confluence doc
x speak w Dom about role of a Community Guide Page
- refine layout for Maryland Resource list ZOS-PLATFORM
- design audit for Buy Now page
	+ https://www.web-content.z10.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/purchase

---

## [2018-12-18 08:54] eso

Notes from conversation w Dom about Community Guides

we currently show monthly articles that collate several community guides by subject. problem is that individual guides lack visibility, and its not possible to collate lists of guides around related topics (unless you were to do so by hand)

We want the ability to spotlight individual guides
- focus on website/author
- need ability to view previous spotlights

Celebrate the community because they create free content that we can leverage for clicks.
- clicks on what?
- what CTA's can be exposed here?
- standard site sidebar?
	+ crown items
	+ announcements?
	+ featured news posts?

We would like to form ongoing relationships w content creators. similar to the idea of The Stream Team.
- provide official ESO media kit for these creators
	+ badges
	+ hirez logos and art assets
- gamify
	+ provide "XP" for repeat contributions?
	+ are repeat contributions enough of a factor for us to consider?

CONTENT TYPES/CATEGORIZATIONS

Core Categories
	Beginner’s Guides
	Advanced Guides
	Builds

Sub Categories
	Dungeons
	Trials
	PvP
	Questing & Exploration
	Combat
	Crafting & Customization

Sub-sub Categories
	(Guide Creator name)
	(Class name)
	(Release name (Update XX, DLC / Chapter name))


(09:01)
Those "sub-sub categories" could just as easily be tags and not a true category as such


Reference:
The Bleacher Report
- site is built around commubnity content

---

## [2018-12-18 09:15] eso

Daniel has pushed some updtes to ZOS-PLATFORM staging. Taking a look

---

## [2018-12-19 09:01] eso

discussed my concerns about Buy Now page w Eric. I agreed to take a closer look at the page and fix it - take notes for when the devs return

P1 adapt ax layout to to other viewports
P1 export presentation layout to confluence
P2 identify use cases to demonstrate
P2 add use cases to confluence doc
P3 editorial cleanup to confluence doc
P3 refine layout for Maryland Resource list ZOS-PLATFORM
P2 design audit for Buy Now page
	+ https://www.web-content.z10.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/purchase
P3 UX sketching for Community Guides page

---

## [2018-12-20 08:58] eso

Dom asked me to make some quick & Dirty HTL edits on the Buy Now page. Eric asked me to add drop shodow to text over key art. I assume on the MESA page - need to follow up w him. This request originates from Jared

- finish Community Home layout
- post community home to confluencd
- analyze Buy Now page

---

## [2018-12-20 10:01] eso

CMS setup for this Buy Now page is complex.

<style>
.carousel-desc-override {font-size:72px;}
</style>
<p class='carousel-desc-override'>Journey to the home of the High Elves in&nbsp;<i>The Elder Scrolls Online: Summerset</i>, the newest chapter of&nbsp;<i>ESO</i>. Experience an epic story in an all-new zone, unlock a new skill line of abilities, and join the secretive Psijic Order on a mission to save the world from destruction.<br></p>

<style>
.carousel-desc-override {
text-align:center !important;
font-size:20px !important;
}
.carousel-nav {display:none}
.buy-now-top .top-section .carousel {padding-bottom: 10px !important;}
</style>
<p class="carousel-desc-override">TEST - We currently show monthly articles that collate several community guides by subject. problem is that individual guides lack visibility, and its not possible to collate lists of guides around related topics</p>

---

## [2018-12-20 17:05] eso

completed updated to Buy Now page. Significantly improved, although there's more work to do here when Will/Greg get back. Shared the update w webteam & Eric on Slack
- Platform selector controls need to be laid out as floats not columns. icons are too small and theres available space which goes unused
- Carousel control is misguided. Instead, anything in the carousel can be shown as a flat list, the page is tall enough that this wont impact the layout significantly and has benefit of showing actionable items in space rather than time

---

## [2018-12-20 17:05] eso

switching over to Community Home page design. Goal is to export Presentation layout to confluence

---

## [2018-12-21 12:33] eso

I've completed the Axure layout for COmmunity Creator's home page

x adapt ax layout to to other viewports
P1 export presentation layout to confluence
P1 identify use cases to demonstrate
	- how do I get to this page? Demonstrate:
		+ CREATORS menu item replaces the GUIDES item in universal nav
		+ CREATORS menu item is added to top section of universal nav
	- what if I want to feature another topic (how does the featured section behave w 1 or 3 items? )
	- card heights
		+ cards are all the same height
		+ design assumes these heights to be set as absolute values
		+ what happens when content is taller than card height
	- Resource list masonry layout
		+ callout reference(s) to ESO Sweepstakes doc, where we first used this layout pattern
P2 add use cases to confluence doc
P2 editorial cleanup to confluence doc
P3 refine layout for Maryland Resource list ZOS-PLATFORM
x design audit for Buy Now page
	+ https://www.web-content.z10.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/purchase
P3 UX sketching for Community Guides page

---

## [2018-12-22 19:27] eso

maybe consider the feature page area to be a draggable car`ousel? In this way it could accomodate any number of features, each of which could potentially be sized independently to suit the needs of the content

---

## [2018-12-22 21:31] eso

exported gfx to confluence and completed 1st pass of editorial to that page

---

