# Raw Entries for September 2018

**Total Entries:** 124
**Projects:** deepdreamvisionquest, eso, spirit animal

---

## [2018-09-02 15:37] eso

agenda
x rate images of all employees
- collate & rate department images
- upload cropped gfx to contentful
- iterate

---

## [2018-09-02 21:58] eso

curated all employee portraits in LR
working on collaying department images

---

## [2018-09-03 11:43] eso

building out ZOS-Platform w curated images

---

## [2018-09-03 12:19] eso

continuing
Featured jobs

AUDIO ENGINEER
Department: Programming | Location: Hunt Valley, US-MD, US

BILINGUAL (FRENCH) CUSTOMER SERVICE AGENT
Department: Customer Support | Location: Hunt Valley, US-MD, US

WORLD BUILDER
Department: Art | Location: Hunt Valley, US-MD, US

CONTRACT CUSTOMER SUPPORT AGENT
Department: Customer Support | Location: Hunt Valley, US-MD, US

---

## [2018-09-03 12:31] eso

starting employee photo export and validation in browser

---

## [2018-09-03 14:31] eso

nearly completed w first pass of employee portraits to CMS. I am a little surprised at how resistant I was to doing a deep dive here, but having done so the feeling of satisfaction and maybe even camraderie - even at just filling in the image slots w my candidate pre-corrected images

---

## [2018-09-03 15:26] eso

normalizing crops for employee photos now that I'm seeing them in context
ok great, they're at the same scale now
moving on to department photo placement

---

## [2018-09-03 16:09] eso

unable to login to BOX

---

## [2018-09-03 16:17] eso

there's a CSS issue with displaying department gfx on the Department list page. The content isn't centered in the wrapper

---

## [2018-09-03 16:26] eso

not confident in the consistency or aesthetic of the department pjotos
found royalty free stock photo source from which I'm pulling additional resources

---

## [2018-09-03 17:14] eso

completed additional previz for dept list page in AX to share w Daniel. It shows a proportional 2x1 cobntainer w gfx at all viewports, and thus uis what I'd like to match. Also realising that font size will need to scale proportionally for this to look right. His suggestion?

---

## [2018-09-04 02:20] eso

- standalone dept gra(phics, such as on an employee page need reduced height to maintain 2:1 aspect ratio in all viewports

NEXT
discuss site edits and notes w Daniel
show & discuss image placement w Eric
collate pahe header graphics
export page header graphics

great work session today

---

## [2018-09-04 09:57] eso

prepping updated responsive layout for Department Listing to share w Daniel for layout fixes

---

## [2018-09-04 11:15] eso

spoke with Daniel about site edits at length. He's on it.
The plan uis to get all images added and processed today and take a look at the 404 page and link/button behavior tomorrow

---

## [2018-09-04 11:24] eso

populating Featured Job carousel w assets and text
- can i populate link for CTA?
yes, but these need to point to a slandalone career page that we've not yet designed. At the moment I have this pointing to the relevant department

---

## [2018-09-04 12:19] eso

curating images for landing page header gfx
- wow I am coming up blank for candidates

---

## [2018-09-04 13:26] eso

pulling in video sources from YouTube
and also the E3 photos

---

## [2018-09-04 13:59] eso

continuing to research and collate image sources

---

## [2018-09-05 06:06] eso

woke up early today to get assets placed this morning so I can move on to photo editing and some UX tasks

---

## [2018-09-05 07:17] eso

Early am conversation w Eric about ZOS-Platform inmage placement and new Mesa promo page.
MESA page notes sent by email. I stressed to Eric that our first deliverable needs to be a content outline, from which I can construct a content matrix for wireframes. Visual assets not likely to be ready before December, so it will be a challenge to use stand ins. Wondering if we can use quick sketches here in place of finalized assets?

---

## [2018-09-05 08:42] eso

Next, before curating maryland imagery, take a look at adding an "All Depertments" link to the footer navigation

---

## [2018-09-05 10:06] eso

taking a look at how to style an embedded googlemap. chatting w Eric about ongoing status. sorta exciting seeing it come together.

---

## [2018-09-05 10:13] eso

Need to focus my efforts clearly today and maximize my resources

x Wait for Dan's changes to be pushed to staging
P1 Additional curation for Dept Emblem gfx
P1 Populate Maryland section w candidate images
x Work out link & button behavior and communicate to Dan for a 2nd push
P2 Photo editing and color correction
P3 Last minute curation
P2 Create confluence doc containing all candidate images, titled Package 1
P4 style embedded Google map


Bruno
Clarke
Dougherty
May
McCloskey
Sera
Wong

---

## [2018-09-05 10:16] eso

doing some rework of Careers footer nabv while I'm in here. backing away from that. It was fine before.

---

## [2018-09-05 12:39] eso

doing first pass of button and link states in AX. SHouldn't take too long

 b2ab9e

 b2ab9e

---

## [2018-09-05 13:35] eso

completed button & link styling work and communicated my findings to Daniel

---

## [2018-09-05 14:38] eso

Daniel is working on the link styling and also applying a scale transition on hover to image links. Just reviewed the material David shot. If there's an issue w stock photography, this is clearly the directiobn to go in, but will need to be storyboarded/staged for maximum return on investment

contrinuing to fill in Maryland location slideshow, which has turned out to be straightforward with the source material I found.

x Populate Maryland section w candidate images
P1 Additional curation for Dept Emblem gfx
P2 Photo editing and color correction
P3 Last minute curation
P2 Create confluence doc containing all candidate images, titled Package 1

---

## [2018-09-05 15:46] eso

Daniels edits are all staged, and the design is feeling more cohesive. I'm finishing up 2nd curation pass on Maryland imagery then will be stepping into photoediting

---

## [2018-09-05 16:20] eso

Taking a 3rd look at department gfx.

---

## [2018-09-05 20:00] eso

I've done as much as can on this go around w the dept gfx. I think I've addressed Eric's concerns about it looking too much like clip art. Certainjly room for further discussion, but ok w this working set

---

## [2018-09-06 07:20] eso

doing photo manipulation on assets to create Package1 for demo later today. Apparently getting some negative feedback on the current game page image so Eric asked me to swap w something saf - conference shot or key art. doing so now. I will setup a carousel so there's some variety & context for choices

---

## [2018-09-06 08:01] eso

continued engagement w Eric on image curation, updating as we go

---

## [2018-09-06 08:16] eso

completed page header imagery and moving on to dept images

---

## [2018-09-06 09:11] eso

continuing to postprocess dept images. The color coding idea is still valid, but felt I needed to get them all into a baseline luminance/contrast for review before doing so. Dom asked me to replace one of the featured jobs in the carousel w an engineering listing. doing so now.

---

## [2018-09-06 11:27] eso

ready to present

---

## [2018-09-06 16:06] eso

presentation went well.
Matt provided some suggestions for what he'd like to see in the page headers. I made vague notes, but Eric captured in detail and will discuss wigth him in the am


x Additional curation for Dept Emblem gfx
x Last minute curation
P1 Color correction for Employee Portraits
P2 Refine UX/Design for General Application
P2 Readdress content & layout for Games page
P3 Refine layout of Maryland Page
P3 Refine layout of About Us Page
P3 Create confluence doc containing all candidate images, titled Package 1

GENERAL APPLICATION
- appears as the default item in a career listing
- Problem is that it presents as a job, and has similar behavior as a job listing in the accordion nav, however it isnt a job. It's less than that, as seen by the absence of any other metadata
- Concern is that the existing metadata (department, division, previously applied CTA) is either extraneous or ambiguous. Attaching it to a catagorized department causes useless friction. (is this a general application for a department? What department should I choose?) Those questions shouldn't arise in the first place
- Goal is to remove the ambiguity and present the general application as unique and seperate from a career listing.

READDRESS CONTENT & LAYOUT FOR GAMES PAGE
- Based on Matt's commentary about "Branching Out. More than Just ESO"
- requires additional image acquisition and curation for page header
- requires multiple game sections
- Discuss with Dom & Eric tomorrow to work out a solution

---

## [2018-09-06 18:00] eso

I've made some typography edits that I think go a long way to refining/defining consistent page layout. At least on teh About Page. Need to take a look on home page to validate this pattern.

---

## [2018-09-06 18:26] eso

Yeah the bigness of the subject blocks works fine

---

## [2018-09-06 18:27] eso

continuing on with employee portraits

x About
	move building shot to last in carousel
	Screening room main
	Leave others
x Games
	Needs to represent "big studio / multiple projects”
	Blurred out screen on desk to signify secret project
	Not "play your way" we make more than one game!
	Need new tagline
	paragraph teasing on the future projects
Maryland
	Remove art,
	add baltimore harbor.
	ocean city
	bridge (shows seasons)
	lose waterfall shot
	possibly a crab, preakness, shawan downs,
	V2: Get a better graphical representation of bulleted lists
Employees
	Need a better shot of Mcleski
	Need more engineers for future profiles!!!
x Departments
	Design: Can we use a tablet shot?

https://www.youtube.com/embed/7fX_9HG1veE?rel=0&amp;showinfo=0


1200px
max-width: 840px

---

## [2018-09-07 17:24] eso

good collaborative effort today

---

## [2018-09-09 15:54] eso

employee portrait color correction and editing now
then re-arrange images in carousel as specified above

---

## [2018-09-09 16:15] eso

reduce noise
normalize luminance & contrast ratio

---

## [2018-09-09 17:07] eso

colors in the browsder look grey and awful. Not matching my sRGB assets at all;

---

## [2018-09-09 20:38] eso

it took quite a bit of trial and error to understand this, but finally getting color consistency in Firefox, Chrome and Edge by exporting (from Photoshop Save for Web) an image that has been converted to sRGB colorspace, without an embedded color profile (so the browser won't attempt color correction)

---

## [2018-09-10 08:42] eso

arranging called out header items

---

## [2018-09-10 11:29] eso

working on Game page refionement w Daniel
curating, processing and swapping in game images David provided

---

## [2018-09-10 18:25] eso

working thru these employee portraits - takling a bit longer than expected but looking solid

following that, I'll process the Maryland images that Eric shared then wrap up the worksession

- there's a line-height issue on Employee pages that I will mention to Daniel tomorrow

---

## [2018-09-10 22:32] eso

completed employee portrait processing

---

## [2018-09-11 00:33] eso

completed processing Maryland page images

---

## [2018-09-11 00:33] eso

completed "alpha" pass of all images. Will revisit certain cases and re-export for legibility of header text.

- noticed that featured jobs on front page don't correlate to actual jobs. As I recall, I placed those from the existing site. But need to double check that all those links point to a job

Overall, site looks great will start scopinmg out tier-2 features and refinements. No doubt there will be some last minute changes tomorrow as well Great work man


HOME PAGE
- keep Matt
- add studio theatre shot


upcoming
- expose employee gallery as wall of faces in prefooter or above menu
- stakeholders love the People concept the site is built around

---

## [2018-09-11 11:18] eso

last minute image swaps and rearrangement
- cleaning up gbaked in awards gfx
	+ Daniel will be redoing this

---

## [2018-09-11 12:27] eso

going thru the content and adding registered trademark to all instances of "The Elder Scrolls(R) Online"

reviewing last-minute cookie notifier that Daniel is working on

---

## [2018-09-11 12:54] eso

next
- collate all images used on site and transfer to BOX

---

## [2018-09-11 15:51] eso

and finally wrapping up some last minute last minute changes

---

## [2018-09-12 08:42] eso

ZOS site is live. Of course all I see are the problem areas. lol

TODAY
- collate and optimize all ZOS-PLATFORM imagery
	+ update contentful as draft (staging)

- meet w Greg to review Q4PROMO page in progress
- investigate alt font usage for ZOS site
- investigate alt heaer breakpoints for ZOS site
- create ZOS-Platform T2 inventory page on confluence to capture feature notes, requests, refinements for next iteration of the site
- visual content audit for studio site
	+ need to rethink and formulate a better image strategy
	+ having major concerns about lack of diversity shown on landing page image
		* feel like this image doesn't communicate "legitimacy" or "we want you here" or "corporate face
	+ audience for this audit is Matt F and ZOS exec suite in general (not for devs)
	+ goal of this audit is to:
		* prioritize further time and resources
		* itemize an action plan to solve issues I've listed

---

## [2018-09-12 09:00] eso

reviewing images for usage and optimization

x Home
x About
x Games
x Maryland
x Employees
Departments
	x Creative
	Technology
	Business

---

## [2018-09-12 10:45] eso

spent some time fixing group photo as best as I could. Looks better. Not optimal due to circumstances around shooting at noon in bright sun(!) Also tamed bldg shot somewhat

---

## [2018-09-12 10:57] eso

added additional hero to Games page carousel

---

## [2018-09-12 11:28] eso

All employee photos check out
started on Dept photo optimize
pausing that for a moment to review Q4PROMO work in progress w Greg

---

## [2018-09-12 13:41] eso

shifting focus to Q4PROMO Page implementation and review for working with Greg. He's in the ballpark but needs work

---

## [2018-09-12 14:23] eso

Eric asked me to post image guidelines for ZOS-Platform to confluence

- post image guidelines for ZOS-Platform to Confluence
- review Q4PROMO screenshots that Greg sent over
	+ based on how the Event "tabs" are implemented, can I rethink the layout to use columns instead of floats?
	+ should I rethink the layout. seems to me the implementation is wrong
- review ZOS-Platform site
	- show updated rating relative to previous from my old UX documentation
	- call out problematic images
	- prioritize need to spin some further creative cycles on this
	- point out ease of editing and A:B testing alternatives
	- point out need to refine and strengthen our final image criteria
	- 	Does it legitimazie the studio
	- 	Does it pull potential employees in
	- 	Does it express a theme. What theme?
- work w Greg to finalize implentation of Q4PROMO page
- verify stakeholder meeting w dev to look at work in progress

---

## [2018-09-13 14:00] eso

some urgent ZOS-Platform work earlier - needed to create and iterate on meta image for social shares. Got that tested and pushed to content. Completing smaller task of adding "play" icon to game page asset. Finally, spoke w Matt F about my concerns about "screening room" home page image. After brief discussion, we decided to go w the group shot. WHich will need further post production to fit that role. May need to privide color processed alts. Its simply not a great photo

---

## [2018-09-13 14:08] eso

oh it looks like the Q4PROMO page is on staging?
No. It isnt. Still local to Greg's machine

---

## [2018-09-13 15:44] eso

As predicted Mktng came in w last minute feature add for "personality centric" video asset. A little bit of quick thinking between Will & myslef finds us a basic solution.


TODAY
x complete Game Page image w "play" icon
	+ experiment in CMS to see if button can be placed here
- postproduction of Group photo for home page image substitution
	+ remove Group image from About page
- review layout screenshots Greg provided

NEXT
- review Q4PROMO layout w Greg

---

## [2018-09-14 09:42] eso

TODAY
- review Q4PROMO page
	+ check w Greg if work is available on content or staging or is it still local?
	+ ask for new set of screenshots at
		* 1600, 1200, 1024, 768, 375

---

## [2018-09-14 10:22] eso

Greg's work will be on staging later today
Best color transform yet on the group photo, but needing to recrop so group appears above text labels

---

## [2018-09-14 10:51] eso

one of the concept artists suggested a geometric correction on the group photo. Lucas

---

## [2018-09-14 12:41] eso

made some typography fixes to the Summerfall Promo page.; Will says these can be added by Dom as inline styles. I'm collating a list of the changes I made and will send them out to him

---

## [2018-09-15 11:25] eso

Here is the HTML edit for the page. It's frustrating to see this effort sabotaged by, what.. "process"? Interest? laziness? I can't bring myself to believe that and yet there are some obvious fixes to this page that seem straightforward. I don't want to complain, I want to unable - but it is hard to take any disuccion of quality or improvement seriously when the current page is viewed as a final artifact. Anyway - the HTML



<h1 style="text-align: center; line-height: 1.2em; ">ESO  SummerFall Event</h1>
<p style="text-align: center; font-size: 14px; margin-top: 0; color:  fff">Earn the Summerset Pathfinder Achievement to unlock unique rewards! From beautiful shining cities to pristine wilds, the isles of Summerset and Artaeum are filled with striking locales for you to experience. Now, by exploring the home of the High Elves, you can earn rewards for you and your fellow players, including a new pet, mount, and luxurious home. The more Pathfinders, the greater the rewards for all!</p>
<h3 style="text-align: center;">Return to this page daily to check overall progress</h3>

---

## [2018-09-17 07:55] eso

reviewing Greg's work on the Q4Promo Page
William B has added a video carousel section

---

## [2018-09-17 11:17] eso

working on Q4PROMO page w Greg
Intense but productive discussion w Will earlier regarding state of design and ways I can improve my communication. Difficult to hear, don't agree entirely with the assessment, but always willing to work differently. What came out of it though was a design methodology that starts in the SMS and extends outwards. More significantly was the idea of postmortems of work at a detailed level just between Will & I. That is a new idea, and wishing we'd been doing so all along

---

## [2018-09-17 13:15] eso

making great progress w Greg on the Q4PROMO page. Long shared worksession. It's like looking into his mind

---

## [2018-09-18 08:27] eso

- refine Q4Promo event card layout
- meet w Greg at 10:30a
- meet w Dom to go over CMS
	+ where to access it?
	+ how to use it?
	+ how to see my work on content? staging?
- meet w Eric to go over MESA page
	+ research existing documentation on Confluence

---

## [2018-09-18 08:59] eso

shared Q4PROMO work in progress w Ryan Nolan in marketing for transparency

---

## [2018-09-18 10:26] eso

finished working out layout scheme for event card incorporating event gfx, feather gfx and event description while minimizing vertical space in all viewports. Put like that, it sounds harder than it felt after several rapid iterations

Working w Greg on final details before "code lock"

---

## [2018-09-18 14:50] eso

wrapping up workday after some followup chats w Eric, Greg David
pointed David to the image preparation work I'd done for Summerset. More comprehensive than I'd remembered actually, including themes and PSD source file(!)

I can already tell that I'll be revisiting the event card layout. Is weakesdt part of page at the moment, but feeling that 1 more round of iteration will win. Excellent work day

---

## [2018-09-19 09:25] deepdreamvisionquest

I have been focused on experiments and optimizations to deepdreamvisionquest Composer.update() which handles compositing of video "streams"
I'm researching and learning about multiprocessing as a way to decouple the update() function from the expense of the rendering calculation. In practice this causes responsiveness to correlate with the octave currently being halucinated about. In worst cases, each octave may compute 2x slower than the previous one, which makes continuous motion and responsiveness less than what it might be.

My initial hackish research in centralizing all displayable outputs to  data.playback and updating that display with the camera thread (the hackish part) was promising and smooth and certainly inspires to push further. Buftr it is slow going. I took the day off today so I could really think about this and deep dive with my full attention. Here goes.

https://bitbucket.org/dani_thomas/multiprocenv

---

## [2018-09-19 09:25] spirit animal

I have been focused on experiments and optimizations to deepdreamvisionquest Composer.update() which handles compositing of video "streams"
I'm researching and learning about multiprocessing as a way to decouple the update() function from the expense of the rendering calculation. In practice this causes responsiveness to correlate with the octave currently being halucinated about. In worst cases, each octave may compute 2x slower than the previous one, which makes continuous motion and responsiveness less than what it might be.

My initial hackish research in centralizing all displayable outputs to  data.playback and updating that display with the camera thread (the hackish part) was promising and smooth and certainly inspires to push further. Buftr it is slow going. I took the day off today so I could really think about this and deep dive with my full attention. Here goes.

https://bitbucket.org/dani_thomas/multiprocenv

---

## [2018-09-20 09:29] eso

waiting for get-together w DOM on how to use the CMS
speaking w Daniel about styling the Map on ZOS-PLATFORM and setting something up using Snazzy Maps https://snazzymaps.com/

TODAY
- develop and style Map for ZOS-Platform w Daniel
x evaluate and review page assets being prepared by David
	x is he putting these in the CMS so I can view them in-browser?
- Review confluence docs on MESA page
	+ curate a list of timeline-style navigation
		* how is this feature to be used for MESA page?
			- check in w Ryan Nolan for his thoughts on the matter
x CMS intro & learning
	x meet w Dom

---

## [2018-09-20 14:33] eso

iterating in-browser on the Feather assets. Will need to dedicate the rest of this worksession to it or move on to experimenting w the CMS, which is what I prefer to do - but some interesting findings and refinements I want to pass on to Greg & David tomorrow

---

## [2018-09-20 16:15] eso

did not have time to work in the CMS today but dedicating tomorrow's worksession for that. Made good progress to refining the event tabs on Q4Promo page w David. Needed to swap assets into local browser ev to see how it really works. Will didcuss some CSS edits w Greg tomorrow, as that part needs further refinement beyond what we knew at the time (nothing huge)

P1 CMS onboarding and sandbox
	- add WIP assets being worked on by David to the Q4Promo Page content
P2 develop and style Map for ZOS-Platform w Daniel
P3 Review confluence docs on MESA page
	+ curate a list of timeline-style navigation
		* how is this feature to be used for MESA page?
			- check in w Ryan Nolan for his thoughts on the matter

---

## [2018-09-21 01:19] deepdreamvisionquest

Just completed entering and studying Adriran Rosebrook's multicamera motion detector. The multiple camera stuff may or  may not be directly relevant to me, but is a good working example of generalizing inputs from multiple sources

Before moving on, I want to see how I can generalize this further to process 1-n cameras. The way its currently setup assumes minimum of 2.

Not my immediate subject of interest, but some interesting concepts are implemented here. The position and area of largest detected motion is isolated from any other motion, including the background. Its fast, uses multithreaded videocapture class and provides significantly simplified method for detecting  motion (simple as in less code that does more)

- generalize camera usage to support 1-n camers
- what happens when motion is detected? how to quantify it?
	- how to check number of frames w consistent motion to filter out spurious motions

---

## [2018-09-21 01:19] spirit animal

Just completed entering and studying Adriran Rosebrook's multicamera motion detector. The multiple camera stuff may or  may not be directly relevant to me, but is a good working example of generalizing inputs from multiple sources

Before moving on, I want to see how I can generalize this further to process 1-n cameras. The way its currently setup assumes minimum of 2.

Not my immediate subject of interest, but some interesting concepts are implemented here. The position and area of largest detected motion is isolated from any other motion, including the background. Its fast, uses multithreaded videocapture class and provides significantly simplified method for detecting  motion (simple as in less code that does more)

- generalize camera usage to support 1-n camers
- what happens when motion is detected? how to quantify it?
	- how to check number of frames w consistent motion to filter out spurious motions

---

## [2018-09-21 08:28] eso

how to fix hover/selection states on Event Tabs
- no mouse events for selected items
- show black bkg state on click

---

## [2018-09-21 11:12] eso

looking over Q4Promo page assets w David. We're both using the CMS. I asked him to swap in the feathers and other assets that he has. The T-Shirt section is rough and weird. perhaps this is an opportunity for me to author something better

Getting into the CMS now.

---

## [2018-09-23 13:24] deepdreamvisionquest

studied the new motion detector a bit more closely to yield precise results in localized areas.

returning to deepdreamvisionquest
looking at adding Adrian Rosebrook imutils class

---

## [2018-09-23 13:24] spirit animal

studied the new motion detector a bit more closely to yield precise results in localized areas.

returning to deepdreamvisionquest
looking at adding Adrian Rosebrook imutils class

---

## [2018-09-23 18:42] deepdreamvisionquest

awesome, I've externalized the Composer object into a seperate package

---

## [2018-09-23 18:42] spirit animal

awesome, I've externalized the Composer object into a seperate package

---

## [2018-09-23 20:47] deepdreamvisionquest

Working on the final broad stroke for externalized packaged software functions - the Viewport object

---

## [2018-09-23 20:47] spirit animal

Working on the final broad stroke for externalized packaged software functions - the Viewport object

---

## [2018-09-23 22:43] deepdreamvisionquest

implementing a general purpose "component registry" to store common object references between modules. Working out this idea with the keyboard listener, but am going to extend this to other places where I felt funny about passing references directly to classes and functions

---

## [2018-09-23 22:43] spirit animal

implementing a general purpose "component registry" to store common object references between modules. Working out this idea with the keyboard listener, but am going to extend this to other places where I felt funny about passing references directly to classes and functions

---

## [2018-09-23 23:01] deepdreamvisionquest

created a special case version of component registry by writing function atributes to  the data module

---

## [2018-09-23 23:01] spirit animal

created a special case version of component registry by writing function atributes to  the data module

---

## [2018-09-23 23:50] deepdreamvisionquest

its all working!

---

## [2018-09-23 23:50] spirit animal

its all working!

---

## [2018-09-24 08:39] eso

Q4Promo Page is still in flux although launch is imminennt. Where is marketing, as I feel we're unable to call this complete without their input.
Contacted Greg about making some CSS and layout changes to event section

P1 Construt page skeleton for MESA page in the CMS
P2 develop and style Map for ZOS-Platform w Daniel
P3 Review confluence docs on MESA page
	+ curate a list of timeline-style navigation
		* how is this feature to be used for MESA page?
			- check in w Ryan Nolan for his thoughts on the matter

---

## [2018-09-24 10:57] eso

detailed chat w David regarding asset selection & processing,. We are getting close. Asked him to hunt down t-shirt imagery for that section

spoke w Ryan at length about the T-shirty section. Its being driven by communiy. We will be linking out to a 3rd party, whose URL will be provided to us. We're doing a very simple callout section for this. Just a matter of entering the relevant contenty and swapping the image wrapper

spoke w Greg about modifications to Q4Promo page layout. Simple enough. Those are being worke4d on now.

I am working on the CMS, tr8ingt to figure how to remove a section from the page. Once I do, I'll remove the spurious t-shirt section from the working page




background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, rgba(198,192,159,0.1) 0%, rgba(198,192,159,0) 100%);

---

## [2018-09-24 14:51] eso

removed extraneous T-shirt section from working page. Examing how this page works in a super wide view and its a bit grotesque. The container is attempting to fit the page boundaries instead of staying at a fixed saize pas 1200px wide as I'd expect (and as I specified). Need to resolve that tomorrow but pointing it out in stakeholder review and requesting idea for solution/ The social feed also breaks at this width, showing only 3 columns

---

## [2018-09-24 16:24] eso

wrapping up for the day, finally spending some time iterating/playing inside the CMS.

NEXT
- verify that text in t-shirt section can be wrapped with inline styling
	+ if true, then format text appropriately?
- Build out prototype MESA page
	+ still playing around in CMS, so break this down section by section
		* what will it take for you to consider a given section "stubbed-in"
- TEAMBUILDING: start taking notes about a hands-on image asset workshop - could work on this with Will? Goal is to have everyone in the pipeline familiar wioth asset placement and listen to customer feedback

---

## [2018-09-25 07:54] deepdreamvisionquest

Having encapsulated all functionality into modules, what's next?
Feeling a bit like I'm floundering about with small tweaks here and there and not really going further.
Where did I want to be?
I want to incorporate the framebuffering work I completed with the performance
1. the motion trails that are created by slowshutter - how can I dream about the trails, rather than the endpoint , when motion is detected?
2. the frame buffer  wants to show previously rendered frames in a loop
3. the frame buffer wants to

---

## [2018-09-25 07:54] spirit animal

Having encapsulated all functionality into modules, what's next?
Feeling a bit like I'm floundering about with small tweaks here and there and not really going further.
Where did I want to be?
I want to incorporate the framebuffering work I completed with the performance
1. the motion trails that are created by slowshutter - how can I dream about the trails, rather than the endpoint , when motion is detected?
2. the frame buffer  wants to show previously rendered frames in a loop
3. the frame buffer wants to

---

## [2018-09-26 10:23] eso

Lee R reached out earlier today about getting started w Crown Store 2.0. Will follow up with him later.

Building out 1st pass of chat's listed about MESA on Confluence in the CMS. I've been playing with the system a lot, but need a basis to anchor to

---

## [2018-09-26 10:49] eso

Oh this is interesting. You can insert media queries in a text field like this.

<style>
@media (min-width: 0px) {
    .override-1 {
        font-size: 12px !important;
    }
}
@media (min-width: 768px) {
    .override-1 {
        font-size: 14px !important;
    }
}
@media (min-width: 992px) {
    .override-1 {
        font-size: 16px !important;
    }
}
@media (min-width: 1200px) {
    .override-1 {
        font-size: 19px !important;
    }
}
</style>
<blockquote class="override-1">Join us in celebrating the amazing community of The Elder Scrolls Online with months of in-game events, prizes, and epic rewards!</blockquote>

---

## [2018-09-26 15:01] eso

wrapping up my exploration for today. Pretty educational, although I hadn;t realized that content was teh production server and some of my odd experiments caused a conflict there. No buig deal and easy enouigh to fix, but yeah. Will is going to set me up on dev sever tomorrow

---

## [2018-09-27 08:47] eso

I'm in the dev CMS now and will build out a prototype MESA page by copying the Summerset Page in there.

---

## [2018-09-27 09:54] eso

Sent a note to Lee and requested that we get together and chat to discuss requirements Tomorrow.
Just discovered the Inception Widget - which looks like it lets you pull content blocks from other pages

---

## [2018-09-27 12:26] eso

This inception widget may be a gateway to prototyping effectively. I can see a use case, where 1 page is used as a repository of content types & settings, and other pages include those widgets selectively

---

## [2018-09-27 17:27] eso

wrapping up for the day - I have some questions on text blocks and HTML text blocks I'll check in w Will about. I've stood up 2 different variations of a preproduction page header.

---

## [2018-09-28 11:09] eso

continuing to feel my way with this new design process. Its an experiment. From yesterday's work, it looks like I'll want to build out each section, with alternates when relavant as a seprate page

<style>
.editorialheader {
    font-weight: 700;
    font-size: 16px;
    font-family: "Open Sans",Tahoma,Geneva,sans-serif;
    letter-spacing: 3px;
    text-align: center;
    padding-top:48px
}
</style>
<h2 class="editorialheader">New Zone</h2>
<p>Discover the ancient homeland of the High Elves. Encounter shining cities, vibrant forests, tropical lagoons, coral caves, mysterious ruins, and more.</p>

<h2 class="editorialheader">New Necromancer Class</h2>
<p>While others use magic to do paltry things like conjure fire or fly, the Necromancer is a master over death itself. They study the deep and forbidden secrets that raise the dead, controlling minions toward a variety of goals. Perhaps they seek the power that mastery over death provides.</p>

<h2 class="editorialheader">Dragons</h2>
<p>In her book The First Fossil Hunters: Dinosaurs, Mammoths, and Myth in Greek and Roman Times (2000), Adrienne Mayor argues that some stories of dragons may have been inspired by ancient discoveries of fossils belonging to dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals</p>

<h2 class="editorialheader">Combat</h2>
<p>For almost all purposes, there is no relevance to the end of a round or the beginning of a round. A round can be a segment of game time starting with the first character to act and ending with the last, but it usually means a span of time from one round to the same initiative count in the next round. Effects that last a certain number of rounds end just before the same initiative count that they began on.</p>

---

## [2018-09-28 15:28] eso

the dev cms has begun behaving strangely. Will thinks its because DevOps is doing some work with it. He describes it as de-syncing - whatever that is. I can either continue working on the content cms or end today's worksession.

Will check in on the issue later. If I can't get into it by tomorrow, I'm going to rebuild where I was I continue my work on the content cms

---

## [2018-09-29 11:33] eso

looks like dev is back up

Fight your way through cultists in Scalecaller Peak and stop them from unleashing a terrible disease upon Tamriel

<style>
.header-body-sm {
font-size: 10px !important;
color:  ccc !important;

@media (min-width: 768px)
.promo-top .header-box .cta h3 {
    min-height: 0 !important;
}
</style>

---

## [2018-09-29 12:13] eso

Ah fantastic, I found a way to include HTML block at top of the page containing style overrides for the rest of the page.

---

## [2018-09-29 12:45] eso

finished the pahe header page :) both use cases I authored look pretty good
moving on to NEW CLASS section

<p>In fantasy fiction, a <b>lich</b><sup id="cite_ref-1" class="reference"><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lich cite_note-1">(1)</a></sup>from Old English<i>līċ</i>meaning "corpse") is a type of<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Undead" title="Undead">undead</a>creature. Often such a creature is the result of a transformation, as a powerful<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magician_(paranormal)" class="mw-redirect" title="Magician (paranormal)">magician</a>skilled in<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Necromancy" title="Necromancy">necromancy</a>or a king striving for eternal life using spells or rituals to bind his intellect and soul to his<a href="https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/phylactery" class="extiw" title="wikt:phylactery">phylactery</a>and thereby achieving a form of<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immortality" title="Immortality">immortality</a>.</p><table class="infobox"><tbody><tr><th scope="row">Grouping</th><td><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legendary_creature" title="Legendary creature">Legendary creature</a></td></tr><tr><th scope="row">Sub grouping</th><td><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Undead" title="Undead">Undead</a></td></tr><tr><th scope="row">Similar creatures</th><td><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zombie" title="Zombie">Zombie</a>,<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magician_(paranormal)" class="mw-redirect" title="Magician (paranormal)">magician</a>,<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revenant" title="Revenant">revenant</a></td></tr><tr><th scope="row">Other name(s)</th><td>Liche</td></tr></tbody></table>



In fantasy fiction, a lich is a type of undead creature. Often such a creature is the result of a transformation, as a powerful magician skilled in necromancer or a king striving for eternal life using spells or rituals to bind his intellect and soul to his horcrux and thereby achieving a form of immortality.

---

## [2018-09-29 15:44] eso

completed New Skills section

---

## [2018-09-29 21:06] deepdreamvisionquest

initial implementation of multithreaded compositor. testing now

---

## [2018-09-29 21:06] spirit animal

initial implementation of multithreaded compositor. testing now

---

## [2018-09-30 16:06] deepdreamvisionquest

tracing down an error condition upon exit where the program keeps running

2147483647
574671192

---

## [2018-09-30 16:06] spirit animal

tracing down an error condition upon exit where the program keeps running

2147483647
574671192

---

## [2018-09-30 17:57] deepdreamvisionquest

http://blog.acipo.com/python-multi-threading/

---

## [2018-09-30 17:57] spirit animal

http://blog.acipo.com/python-multi-threading/

---

## [2018-09-30 18:51] deepdreamvisionquest

interesting - researched my way into a good solution for system shutdown, yet feels a bit awkward. There's a function called thread.interrupt_main() that can be called to send a keyboard interrupt to the main thread from a subthread. Same as pressing ctrl-c. Because each of the subthreads are "daemon" threads (yeah) they terminate when the main thread terminates. presumably if they were not they would continue to run?

It's a bit weird though becuase the shutdown function is in the viewport module, when really I'd expect to find it in the main (rem.py) module itself

---

## [2018-09-30 18:51] spirit animal

interesting - researched my way into a good solution for system shutdown, yet feels a bit awkward. There's a function called thread.interrupt_main() that can be called to send a keyboard interrupt to the main thread from a subthread. Same as pressing ctrl-c. Because each of the subthreads are "daemon" threads (yeah) they terminate when the main thread terminates. presumably if they were not they would continue to run?

It's a bit weird though becuase the shutdown function is in the viewport module, when really I'd expect to find it in the main (rem.py) module itself

---

