# Raw Entries for November 2018

**Total Entries:** 133
**Projects:** deepdreamvisionquest, eso, spirit animal

---

## [2018-11-01 08:28] eso

Video header rough for ZOS Platform has just arrived. My next step is to experiment w color transformation and integration into studio site on staging

---

## [2018-11-01 10:06] eso

spoke w Jacqueline about potential "Introducing the Dragons" refinement to existing Dragon section. She provided some front and side placeholders I can use to build out this section

---

## [2018-11-01 10:08] eso

x Re-add header & Subhead to carousel then update confluence doc
P1 read through commentary added to design doc and respiond to these points
P1 Specify a list of parameters that I'd like to see available in the CMS
	- Specify pip-based pagination as optional
P2 Create Kuula section design doc/layout guide
P2 Build out a new "Introducing the Dragons" section in CMS using provided assets
x Prepare full page length gfx mockup for stakeholder review of current content page w carousel inserted
P3 figure out how to store local copies of HTML/CSS using Chrome DevTools features
P3 ZOS-Platform video asset color processing
P3 rebuild promo pages using simpler column layouts and page padding value to globally set the visual field I intended
P4 start examining how a carousel nav UI can better spotlight the media assets (screenshots, concept art, wallpapers, video?) on DLC pages
	+ quick audit for existing system
		* what are the strengths
		* what are the liabilities

---

## [2018-11-01 15:48] eso

working thru tasks. Lets see how far I can get before dinner.

---

## [2018-11-02 11:02] eso

worked thru carousel design doc w Dev

---

## [2018-11-05 08:13] eso

My JIRA Tasks are here
https://jira.zenimax.com/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=886&quickFilter=8380

---

## [2018-11-06 16:40] eso

preparing invoice

Creative
MESA announcement concepting
MESA announcment art direction
Creative brief for new studio site video

UX
Crown Store 2.0 UX research
(CMS Platform) carousel component UX for MESA announcements
Mesa design documentation and organization
(CMS Platform) carousel component design specification

Design
MESA page design
(CMS Platform) carousel component for MESA announcements

Production
MESA page production
Q4 Promo Page staging refinement
MESA asset planning

Reviews
Stakeholder review for (CMS platform) announcement carousel
Stakeholder reviews for MESA page design
Technical reviews for (CMS platform) announcement carousel

---

## [2018-11-07 09:00] eso

adding some rough copy from Dom to the MESA production page. Necromancer section

---

## [2018-11-07 09:46] eso

working with the necromancer image to make it work bvettwer with this section. The artwork isn't especially good, but is a good reference to call out issues for next iteration of the asset


I've added Dom's rough copy to the necromancer section and tweaked the provided image a bit. I'm not liking this image much. It's pretty lo-rez to begin with and doesn't match the 96:35 aspect ratio we use very well. I've had to crop it even further to shift the position of the character to the left, because otherwise it all gets covered with the section content

---

## [2018-11-07 10:47] eso

met w Eric briefly to review Mesa imagery

---

## [2018-11-07 15:06] eso

spent most of today doing production and authoring on Mesa page. Working out details of necromancer section assets in preparation for stakeholder review on Friday

---

## [2018-11-08 13:04] eso

working on task estimates

WEB-1528
ZOS Site Video Processing
12h

WEB-1522
ZOS Site Typography Refinements
24h

WEB-1538
Mesa Page Image Refinements
(this )
60h

WEB-1430
ZOS Site Social Features
40h

WEB-1521
ZOS Site Footer Photo Carousel
Task needs further definition
minimum 40h

WEB-1524
Modal Buy Now Form
24h

WEB-924
BAM Design UX Research
task needs definition
minimum 100h

WebWEB-1496
In-game Crown Store Announcements
100h

WEB-1531
ZOS Studio Games Page to Account for Future Games (Eagle)
80h

WebWEB-1129
DESIGN: Community "Hub" Page
60h

WebWEB-1131
DESIGN: Community Calendar Page
60h

WEB-765
DESIGN: Visual Consistency pass on elderscrollsonline.com
task needs redefinition after discovery and scoping
(unknown estimate)

WEB-1043
DESIGN: Discovery for Web Consistency Pass
100h

WEB-1528	12	ZOS Site Video Processing
WEB-1522	24	ZOS Site Typography Refinements
WEB-1521	40	ZOS Site Footer Photo Carousel
WEB-1430	40	ZOS Site Social Features
WEB-1538	60	Mesa Page Image Refinements
WEB-1131	60	DESIGN: Community Calendar Page
WEB-1129	60	DESIGN: Community "Hub" Page
WEB-1531	80	ZOS Studio Games Page to Account for Future Games (Eagle)
WEB-924		100	BAM Design UX Research
WEB-1496	100	In-game Crown Store Announcements
WEB-1043	100	DESIGN: Discovery for Web Consistency Pass
WEB-765		120	DESIGN: Visual Consistency pass on elderscrollsonline.com

---

## [2018-11-08 13:43] eso

meeting w Eric to go over task estimates shortly


creativeassembly.com is a good reference for some upcoming refinement to career page

---

## [2018-11-08 15:23] eso

long chat w Erich and some disagreement on how to approach BAM design task. He's done some great documentation to frame the problems though and wondering why he didnt just point me to it to clue me in to what he wanted.

In any case, the question to ask is how can I contribute to his efforts?
This material needs to be communicated to executives and other stakeholders who wont be able top wade through the documentation. I need to go through the docs in detail and determine how to refine and add value

.updates-2-feature-detail .feature-box .detail-item h4 {
    color:  FFF;
    text-align: left;
    padding: 0;
    line-height: 1.3;
    font-size: 16px;
    letter-spacing: 3px;
    font-family: "Open Sans",Tahoma,Geneva,sans-serif;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    margin-bottom: 0;
    font-weight: bold;
}

.updates-2-feature-detail .feature-box .detail-top-text h4 {
    line-height: 1.3;
    font-size: 16px;
    letter-spacing: 3px;
    font-family: "Open Sans",Tahoma,Geneva,sans-serif;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    font-weight: bold;
}

---

## [2018-11-08 16:48] eso

added Doms new placeholder content to production page and continued with discovery for bkg imagery - especially in the necromancer section
I've made some typographical edits and cleanup for a more consistent presentation

---

## [2018-11-09 08:50] eso

some new ideas in play for the Maryland section on the ZOS site. Borrowing from creative assembly game site. actual. I call this pattern dual carousel. 2 MESA asset meetings upcoming and then chatting w Greg about the carousel later. Wonder if he's available now though? Otherwise will chat at 11:15

---

## [2018-11-09 12:33] eso

working on ZOS-Platform landing page header video
https://stage.zenimaxonline.com/

CMS
https://be.contentful.com/login
password: Password5
logged into contentful - the CMS for ZOS-Platform

---

## [2018-11-09 12:50] eso

examining some quick typographical fixes for tighter layout

---

## [2018-11-09 20:27] eso

generating different videos, will need to confirm w Daniel how to add video to page and it seems that I've forgotten how to stage material, as I accidentally published what I was working on to live. I think it was as simple as uh, not selecting "Publish"

---

## [2018-11-09 20:35] eso

was able to post a video example to staging while keeping published content untouched. yeah, it was as simple as noty selecting PUBLIH. COntentful stages everything you add to it by default. Looking at the red example. It may be impossible to match the exact hex value on the site. Also - the assets we use need to be cropped to a specific 2:1 aspect ratio

---

## [2018-11-11 20:28] deepdreamvisionquest

preparing for Gallery Talk on Wednesday. Not liking how the compositor is working, and looking into smoothing it out further. Was it always like this? Its definitely bothering me to see it. There's no problem switching from dreamed output to webcam output, but when motion stops we see dreams captured from the old static position, so the display appears to jump from new position to old position. How to solve for that time delay?

---

## [2018-11-11 20:28] spirit animal

preparing for Gallery Talk on Wednesday. Not liking how the compositor is working, and looking into smoothing it out further. Was it always like this? Its definitely bothering me to see it. There's no problem switching from dreamed output to webcam output, but when motion stops we see dreams captured from the old static position, so the display appears to jump from new position to old position. How to solve for that time delay?

---

## [2018-11-11 21:30] deepdreamvisionquest

I've hacked in a delay from fom the time of motion detection, and that solves the "flashing" out of sync issue I was previously seeing, but at the cost of responsiveness. Thinking I'm headed in the right direction though, especiallyu for a quick cleanup

---

## [2018-11-11 21:30] spirit animal

I've hacked in a delay from fom the time of motion detection, and that solves the "flashing" out of sync issue I was previously seeing, but at the cost of responsiveness. Thinking I'm headed in the right direction though, especiallyu for a quick cleanup

---

## [2018-11-11 22:32] deepdreamvisionquest

taking a look at the pause control. I'm a bit surprised it still works after all the changes this code has been through, but I'm having a hard time knowing when it has been engaged and disengaged. How can I know when it is engaged?
-  how about writing a message to the screen, showing it for a moment, then making it go away?

---

## [2018-11-11 22:32] spirit animal

taking a look at the pause control. I'm a bit surprised it still works after all the changes this code has been through, but I'm having a hard time knowing when it has been engaged and disengaged. How can I know when it is engaged?
-  how about writing a message to the screen, showing it for a moment, then making it go away?

---

## [2018-11-12 00:23] deepdreamvisionquest

great worksession. pretty pleased with the output I'm getting at 1080p for the first time. Still some functionality to add though - notably, exporting the frame buffer to a JPG file.

the featuremap updating during movement is a good idea, but need a way to freeze the current feature map and prevent itereation until unfrozen. [rev/next controls work as before]

Then I'll need to construct some programs for the demo

Need to review the HTML presentation I did at STanford. Is this viable? How did I make it?``

---

## [2018-11-12 00:23] spirit animal

great worksession. pretty pleased with the output I'm getting at 1080p for the first time. Still some functionality to add though - notably, exporting the frame buffer to a JPG file.

the featuremap updating during movement is a good idea, but need a way to freeze the current feature map and prevent itereation until unfrozen. [rev/next controls work as before]

Then I'll need to construct some programs for the demo

Need to review the HTML presentation I did at STanford. Is this viable? How did I make it?``

---

## [2018-11-12 08:33] eso

started conversation w CJ about video. Realized I hadn't posted the non-truncated one, so uploading that now. Seeing some compression artifacts that can be alleviated if we use CSS overlay for the red overlay

---

## [2018-11-12 10:04] eso

started conversation w Eric & CJ about video embed. Overall no pushback on the color treatment which is great. I pointed out that we'll want to implement this as a CSS overlay for flexibility and to eliminsate some of the banding that's been commented on by both parties in the current embed.

Today's task is to look at the social features of the site. I think Daniel had previoulsy implemented this, but I need to go over that with him when he returns tomorrow. SO maybe it would be be better to work on Typography cleanup & refinement instead

---

## [2018-11-12 10:07] eso

Eric setup a meeting w CJ for 10:30

---

## [2018-11-12 12:48] eso

experimentinmg w saving CSS modifications to ZOS-Platform locally

---

## [2018-11-12 14:06] eso

having a hard time refreshing the pages on staging. 504 Gateway Timeout

---

## [2018-11-12 14:27] deepdreamvisionquest

I reviewed my Stanford presentation, it has some ghood material but gets too bogged down in details about inner working of neural networks. Need to cut that down overall. Not sure how I authored this in the first place. It looks like I exported HTML from Keynote?

---

## [2018-11-12 14:27] spirit animal

I reviewed my Stanford presentation, it has some ghood material but gets too bogged down in details about inner working of neural networks. Need to cut that down overall. Not sure how I authored this in the first place. It looks like I exported HTML from Keynote?

---

## [2018-11-12 15:33] deepdreamvisionquest

oh dear - something I did last night is causong the input not to feed back into itself correctly I think. Not seeing any effect on theinceptionxform postprocess

---

## [2018-11-12 15:33] spirit animal

oh dear - something I did last night is causong the input not to feed back into itself correctly I think. Not seeing any effect on theinceptionxform postprocess

---

## [2018-11-12 15:36] deepdreamvisionquest

ah good - fixed it. holy crap the smoothness has never been better. But also seeing the magical effect of the machical numbers in the update hack I made yesterday. They're different at 480p than 1080p

---

## [2018-11-12 15:36] spirit animal

ah good - fixed it. holy crap the smoothness has never been better. But also seeing the magical effect of the machical numbers in the update hack I made yesterday. They're different at 480p than 1080p

---

## [2018-11-12 16:39] deepdreamvisionquest

close this dev session by
- complete googlenet enumeration
- add auto-feature function to performance setting definitions
	+ this should be a flag specified in the main block

program.append({
    'name': 'demo',
    'iterations': 2,
    'step_size': 2.4,
    'octaves': 4,
    'octave_cutoff': 4,
    'octave_scale': 1.8,
    'iteration_mult': 0.0,
    'step_mult': 0.0,
    'model': 'vgg19',
    'layers': data.layers_vgg19,
    'cyclefx': [
        {
            'name': 'inception_xform',
            'params': {'scale': 0.01}
        },
    ],
    'stepfx': [],
    'autofeature': True
})

This function causes the featuremap index to update upon motion detection

self.current_layer=0
set_endlayer[self.current_layer] # index

def set_endlayer(index):
self.end = self.layers[index]['name']

---

## [2018-11-12 16:39] spirit animal

close this dev session by
- complete googlenet enumeration
- add auto-feature function to performance setting definitions
	+ this should be a flag specified in the main block

program.append({
    'name': 'demo',
    'iterations': 2,
    'step_size': 2.4,
    'octaves': 4,
    'octave_cutoff': 4,
    'octave_scale': 1.8,
    'iteration_mult': 0.0,
    'step_mult': 0.0,
    'model': 'vgg19',
    'layers': data.layers_vgg19,
    'cyclefx': [
        {
            'name': 'inception_xform',
            'params': {'scale': 0.01}
        },
    ],
    'stepfx': [],
    'autofeature': True
})

This function causes the featuremap index to update upon motion detection

self.current_layer=0
set_endlayer[self.current_layer] # index

def set_endlayer(index):
self.end = self.layers[index]['name']

---

## [2018-11-12 16:43] eso

only realizing now that I could use live site for my CSS edits

---

## [2018-11-12 23:20] deepdreamvisionquest

finished functional edits to the pasuing function. had overcomplicated it and turned out it was working as expected when paused as a consequence of the design. Taking a look at file export now

---

## [2018-11-12 23:20] spirit animal

finished functional edits to the pasuing function. had overcomplicated it and turned out it was working as expected when paused as a consequence of the design. Taking a look at file export now

---

## [2018-11-13 00:17] deepdreamvisionquest

I have the export picture code working now, but not sure if I'm sending the right image. Using Composer.dreambuffer, but  should use whatever the viewport is refreshing

---

## [2018-11-13 00:17] spirit animal

I have the export picture code working now, but not sure if I'm sending the right image. Using Composer.dreambuffer, but  should use whatever the viewport is refreshing

---

## [2018-11-13 00:27] deepdreamvisionquest

refined the export picture code further. would it be possible or reasonable to guarantee output of a pic only when iteration is complete?

---

## [2018-11-13 00:27] spirit animal

refined the export picture code further. would it be possible or reasonable to guarantee output of a pic only when iteration is complete?

---

## [2018-11-13 02:48] deepdreamvisionquest

pause mode isnt working the way I expected. It seems as though if a subject is already in motion, the condityion never triggers although the flag gets set

---

## [2018-11-13 02:48] spirit animal

pause mode isnt working the way I expected. It seems as though if a subject is already in motion, the condityion never triggers although the flag gets set

---

## [2018-11-13 09:25] deepdreamvisionquest

fixed pause mode to work the way I expected. Testing that now

---

## [2018-11-13 09:25] spirit animal

fixed pause mode to work the way I expected. Testing that now

---

## [2018-11-13 09:47] deepdreamvisionquest

interesting - the iteration multiplier I've been using is much more aggressive than I'd expected since it gets recalculated every iteration rather than every octave!

---

## [2018-11-13 09:47] spirit animal

interesting - the iteration multiplier I've been using is much more aggressive than I'd expected since it gets recalculated every iteration rather than every octave!

---

## [2018-11-13 10:08] deepdreamvisionquest

I think I'm good with locking the code now. Any further iteration will be on the performance settings

---

## [2018-11-13 10:08] spirit animal

I think I'm good with locking the code now. Any further iteration will be on the performance settings

---

## [2018-11-13 10:40] eso

getting reference together for meeting w Daniel Oh on ZOS-Platform

noticing color banding on the monochrome video treatment - will need to fix in the after effects color correction. may be related to encoding or project bit depth. not seeing the banding in the local movie, although maybe pushing the correction a bit further than needed

---

## [2018-11-13 11:35] eso

great chat w Daniel, he suggested setting up meeting on Thursday/Friday w Dom, Eric & myself to go over some changes he's made to contentful, and we can prioritize and get estimates for ongoing dev and design tasks

The priority I specified:
Video Header
Social Sharing (design & editorial)
Maryland Carousel

I need to provide design specs for:
social share on job listing
social badges to ZOS properties in page footer
updated typography & layout (all pages)
	- Job post page needs fixing first
responsive layout for Maryland Resource carousel

I need to re-encode the black video to avoid or minimize any banding issues

---

## [2018-11-13 12:26] eso

ask Ellen to setup meeting w Daniel & Dom & Eric to go over contentful changes and dev tasks

---

## [2018-11-13 12:42] eso

just verified link to job post page from Featured Jobs carousel

---

## [2018-11-13 14:24] deepdreamvisionquest

the only (minor) issue I'm seeing is that incrementing the featuremap while paused, refreshes the webcam w current image, which remains paused, instead of using the originally paused frmae.

---

## [2018-11-13 14:24] spirit animal

the only (minor) issue I'm seeing is that incrementing the featuremap while paused, refreshes the webcam w current image, which remains paused, instead of using the originally paused frmae.

---

## [2018-11-14 14:08] deepdreamvisionquest

finalizing performance settings for tonights talk

From Pixels to Representations
- all layers: Googlenet
- all layers: Places 365

Stylized Motion

---

## [2018-11-14 14:08] spirit animal

finalizing performance settings for tonights talk

From Pixels to Representations
- all layers: Googlenet
- all layers: Places 365

Stylized Motion

---

## [2018-11-14 15:43] deepdreamvisionquest

ok. ready to present. checking map and starting loadout

---

## [2018-11-14 15:43] spirit animal

ok. ready to present. checking map and starting loadout

---

## [2018-11-15 09:05] eso

- responsive layout for Maryland Page update
- global typography refinements
	+ audit each page and see what's needed
- re-export page header gfx to eliminate banding

---

## [2018-11-15 11:56] eso

building up responsive design for the Maryland Page resource sections

---

## [2018-11-15 15:24] eso

working out details of Maryland Page resource section. Maybe not an accordion. Maybe more like a modal

---

## [2018-11-15 16:01] eso

no - it's actually 3 seperate slides in the narrow viewport

---

## [2018-11-16 08:50] eso

cleaning up the updated Maryland resources design for posting to Confluence
x swap in the gfx David prepared
x map out layout for Culture Section

---

## [2018-11-16 12:16] eso

created confluence doc for the resource list and shared w group
Eric just ran a status meeting. Looks like we're not halfway through the update yet, but he want me to finalize what I can by end of day

- Social share option for job posting
- Typography and Metrics cleanup

---

## [2018-11-16 16:58] eso

working on social share from job post

---

## [2018-11-16 17:49] eso

worked out typography/metrics adjustments for Career List

Career List

---

## [2018-11-16 18:19] eso

updating confluence, doing some housekeeping there to organize my work

---

## [2018-11-16 18:43] eso

further refinement to career list

---

## [2018-11-16 19:39] eso

completed layout for sharing panel

---

## [2018-11-16 20:17] eso

completed Share job design and confluence documentation

Tonight
- prepare design notes for local changes I've made to the career list
- identify pages & issues to address for tomorrow am

Next
- local CSS edits for n-pages
- update confluence for n-pages

---

## [2018-11-17 08:31] eso

started documenting updates to Career List page

x Career List
P1 Landing Page
P1 About Us Page
P1 Employee Profile Page
P1 Department Profiles
P1 Department Profile Page (borrows from Career List page)

P2 Career Profiles

---

## [2018-11-17 11:30] eso

posted career list modifications to confluence

---

## [2018-11-17 14:16] eso

completed updates to Landing Page and About Us page. Styling from these examples can be applied globally to Games & Maryland Pages, although thouse pages will have individual details that I've not had time to specify.

Documenting updates to these pages is a gopod stopping point. ETA 1h

---

## [2018-11-17 14:44] eso

updated ZOS-Platform hub page to reflect status of each typography/layout refinement

---

## [2018-11-17 15:14] eso

annotating my CSS edits on Landing Page

---

## [2018-11-17 15:39] eso

finished annotating changes to landing page
updated confluence doc

---

## [2018-11-17 16:21] eso

finished annotating About Us page
updated confluence
shared updates on Slack to ZOS-Platform team

---

## [2018-11-27 08:21] eso

chat w Eric about MESA art and next steps MESA page
- art
- kuula widget formatting

chat w Daniel on dev updates to ZOS-Platform
- landing page header gradient
- layout updates

---

## [2018-11-27 09:14] eso

TASKS
- reprocess header image video to avoid banding and make contrast ratio less heavy
	+ prepare still image of same for header image on mobile viewport
- review existing layout edits
	+ Landing Page
	+ About
	+ Games
	+ Maryland
	+ Career List
	+ Career Post
	+ Employee Profile
	+ Employee List
	+ Department Profile
	+ Department List

---

## [2018-11-27 09:24] eso

now that the header gfx color is working, I'm seeing that removing the color from feature wrapper was the wrong move. There's an opportunity here to unify the page with red by using a red bkg instead. Tested that idea locally, and it looks like a winning move

---

## [2018-11-27 11:30] eso

productive meeting w David & Eric regarding the MESA carousel artr. Feeling better about that now

working on video processing for T0 header on ZOS-Platform now

---

## [2018-11-27 14:14] eso

next initiative is to work on the Community/Creators page
Eric has put together some ideas here:
https://www.web-content.z10.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/creators

---

## [2018-11-27 14:29] eso

reprocessing platform header video - brighter, removed blur

---

## [2018-11-27 14:32] eso

rethinking placement of share this job CTA

<i class="fas fa-chevron-circle-right"></i>

---

## [2018-11-27 16:07] eso

editorial copy on the About Us page needs some work. Speak to Dom about that tomorrow
the icon callouts are weak and need redesign. Need better gfx here

- speak to Dom about editorial copy on ZOS-Platform About Us page
- This page will look best
- speak to David about gfx for About Us callouts

---

## [2018-11-27 16:09] eso

finished my work on the video header. now also includes static frame for reduced width viewports

---

## [2018-11-27 16:15] eso

added additional header to About Us page to unify page layout and make it more rational in peparation for discussion w Dom tomorrow

---

## [2018-11-27 16:42] eso

worked out how to save local devtools changes on About Us page - I think. Yes. Confirmed. will attempt same for About page

---

## [2018-11-27 16:57] eso

updated confluence notes for ZOS-Platform landing page w today's revisions

---

## [2018-11-27 18:01] eso

finished revisions to About Us page. This one is a bit more involve dto describe as I've made modifications to the HTML. Updating confluence now and seeing how much clarity I get

---

## [2018-11-27 18:22] eso

updated gfx on About Us confluence page, now need to update the CSS/HTML notes

---

## [2018-11-27 18:36] eso

updated About Us confluence doc

---

## [2018-11-27 20:53] eso

making some modifications to the Games page

---

## [2018-11-27 22:07] eso

completed modifications to Game page. Documented in confluence

---

## [2018-11-27 22:17] eso

NEXT
x estimate and prioritize tasks
P1 2h refine layout and document Employee List Page
P1 4h refine layout and document Employee Profile Page
P1 2h refine layout and document Department Profile Page
P2 1h layout iteration for share this job CTA as deiscussed w Eric
P2 2h refine layout and document Department List Page
P3 review and rebuild Career List page from notes
P3 1h refine layout for prev/next widgets
P3 2h font swap
- discuss updates to About Us page w Dom
- discuss updates to About Us page w David
x provide updated task estimates to Eric

---

## [2018-11-28 10:09] eso

- discuss updates to About Us page w Dom
- discuss updates to About Us page w David
P1 2h refine layout and document Employee List Page
P1 4h refine layout and document Employee Profile Page
P1 2h refine layout and document Department Profile Page
P2 1h layout iteration for share this job CTA as deiscussed w Eric
P2 2h refine layout and document Department List Page
P3 review and rebuild Career List page from notes
P3 1h refine layout for prev/next widgets
P3 2h font swap
P4 review Communty Content Creator notes
	+ https://www.web-content.z10.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/creators

---

## [2018-11-28 10:38] eso

working on employee list page

---

## [2018-11-28 10:56] eso

completed updates to Carrer profile page I think

---

## [2018-11-28 11:14] eso

updated employee list on landing page documentation to match what I'm doing w the full employee listing

---

## [2018-11-28 11:49] eso

still working with career list. Its looking so much better today

---

## [2018-11-28 12:16] eso

I've made a global change to borders and horizontal rules. setting them to whuite. need to live with this for a bit

---

## [2018-11-28 14:34] eso

after a bit of surgery on Lists, I've completed the Career profile page.
Need to update design specs for affected pages
- Landing page
- About Us Page
- Career List

- discuss updates to About Us page w Dom
- discuss updates to About Us page w David
x refine layout and document Employee List Page
x 4h refine layout and document Employee Profile Page
P1 2h refine layout and document Department Profile Page
P2 1h layout iteration for share this job CTA as deiscussed w Eric
P2 2h refine layout and document Department List Page
P3 review and rebuild Career List page from notes
P3 1h design spec regression update confluence
P3 1h refine layout for prev/next widgets
P3 2h font swap
P4 review Communty Content Creator notes
	+ https://www.web-content.z10.zenimaxonline.com/en-us/creators

---

## [2018-11-28 15:18] eso

added CSS notes to Employee List page doc

---

## [2018-11-28 15:41] eso

finished Career Profile List Page
Starting on Employee Profile Page

What is your role at zos and what, simply speaking, do you do?
How did you first come to work for the studio?
Have you always wanted to be a producer in the games industry?
What is your average day as a senior live producer at zos?
What is your proudest elder scrolls online achievement?
How do you like working at zos?
What hobbies and games do you enjoy outside of work?

---

## [2018-11-28 18:14] eso

completed updates to employee Profile page. Several regressions to previous specifications.

---

## [2018-11-28 20:46] eso

completed confluence doc for Employee profile page

---

## [2018-11-28 20:47] eso

P2 2h refine layout and document Department List Page
P3 review and rebuild Career List page from notes
P2 1h layout iteration for share this job CTA as deiscussed w Eric
P3 1h design spec regression update confluence
P3 1h refine layout for prev/next widgets
P3 2h font swap

---

## [2018-11-28 23:13] eso

completed Department profile edits and documentation
started regressing older documentation

---

## [2018-11-28 23:41] eso

updating Department List page

---

## [2018-11-29 01:06] eso

some interesting work in progress on the department list. much bolder now. will evaluate in the am

---

## [2018-11-29 08:22] eso

- review carousel widget w Greg 11:30a
- webteam backlog 1:30p
- community content page kickoff 2p
P2 2h refine layout and document Department List Page
P3 review and rebuild Career List page from notes
P2 1h layout iteration for share this job CTA as deiscussed w Eric
P3 1h design spec regression update confluence
P3 1h refine layout for prev/next widgets
P3 2h font swap
- update JIRA
- MESA carousel: provide arrow gfx
- MESA carousel: erify/provide MESA type specification

---

## [2018-11-29 09:32] eso

continuing work on Departrment List page

---

## [2018-11-29 10:40] eso

department list page is looking good. evaluating overall now.
solid. collating my changes for confluence doc

---

## [2018-11-29 11:06] eso

updating dept profile confluence doc. added screenshots. need to switch gears for a momentr and review Greg's carousel work

---

## [2018-11-29 11:15] eso

meeting w Greg is ghoing well. He's done an amazing job. A couple of design updates I need to provide.

---

## [2018-11-29 11:43] eso

continuing w ZOS-Platform Department List documentations

---

## [2018-11-29 12:41] eso

completed documentation for Department List page

---

## [2018-11-29 12:45] eso

editorial pass on all confluence docs. ACtually - no - revising career list to match new spec

---

## [2018-11-29 14:00] eso

Community Page meeting
Rethinking the layout + behavior of share this job feature
not sure why I'd placed it in the page header when there's a better opportunity in the page footer clustered with the other controls

---

## [2018-11-29 15:48] eso

I've worked out better plavement for share this job CTA

---

## [2018-11-29 21:33] eso

updated Share this Job design doc

---

## [2018-11-29 21:36] eso

remaining updates for Career list page
- header treatment
- screenshots

---

## [2018-11-29 21:57] eso

completed revisions and documentation for career list page

x meet w Daniel
P1 update career post design & confluence docs
P2 design spec regression update confluence
P2 refine layout for prev/next widgets
P2 font swap
- MESA carousel: provide arrow gfx
- MESA carousel: erify/provide MESA type specification

---

## [2018-11-30 08:04] eso

regressing and evaluating all changes to my update docs
x Career List
x Landing Page
x About Us
x Games
x Career Profile Post
x Career Profiles List
x Department List
x Department Profile Post
Career Post

---

## [2018-11-30 18:30] eso

updated all design docs and regressed changes to the best of my ability. My local changes from devtools are all working as expected, although I notice there are several and not sure how intermixed my stored changes are. I'd overlooked the Location page and need to document that as well. I should be able to integrate the 2-step carousel design into this as well for refrence

- COmmunity COntent Page
- Career Post
x Location Page
x redesign prev/nav arrow navigation
	+ can reuse this design for ZOS-MESA
- update/review JIRA
- review material from Friday photoshoot
- ask David to create a picks gallery for each subject (3-5 shots)
- meet w Dom
- meet w David
- meet w Daniel
	+ status meeting to get a sense of his timing to conmplete the edits I specified
	+ discuss normalized formatting for incoming HTML/Text from Job Posts

---

