# Raw Entries for August 2019

**Total Entries:** 34
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2019-08-01 10:11] eso

short consult with Justin on the Zenimax global job site
sent out invoice
continuing work in debug environment

NEXT
- strategy and planning for PAN0800 scenario building
	- transfer Keyan's language studies into my Milanote deck
	- transfer relevant meeting notes to Powerpoint note bin
	- create Powerpoint doc for PAN0800

---

## [2019-08-02 08:07] eso

fixed minor display bug on zenimax studio site

---

## [2019-08-07 12:31] eso

completed PAN0800 presentation doc.
uploading material to hvault archive
ready to present
don't forget to breathe :)

---

## [2019-08-08 11:50] eso

prepping the plaza environment from content pack for integration w my scenario builder project

---

## [2019-08-09 09:16] eso

working on refining glance and profile interactions. visual design

---

## [2019-08-09 09:59] eso

checking with Zeb & Wynne for details on Calder Noll and the mayor to populate their profiles

checking in w Jared to share ongoing work w Playable Storyboard. Updating PAN0800 presentation doc to include a slide on Playable storyboard showing the block diagram ov interstitial -> lev -> intersitial - level

---

## [2019-08-10 10:38] eso

figuring out how to generate a nice chart graphic

---

## [2019-08-11 09:31] eso

re-considered how to do the graphs after some further analysis.
Today's goal is to visual flesh out the gaze/profile interaction
I'd thought to share what I have w Jared, and need to figure a way to do so minimally. The blockout sequence I'd started in Powerpoint is the right way to do so.

NEXT
- asset production for worldspace profile
- asset production for screenspace profile (tooltip)
- Finish blocking out storyboard sequence in powerpoint

---

## [2019-08-13 09:55] eso

Working on Profile gfx and diorama
I think the best way forward is to focus on the strengths of what I have going already. Defer the identity scan setup, and instead show the 0103 scenario for Reading the Crowd. That way, I'll be able to focus entirely on the gaze/profile interaction and create new objective sto populate that space

---

## [2019-08-13 20:46] eso

I've built a complete gaze/profile interaction setup for Calder Noll
NEXT
- test Windows debug build
- build setup for The Mayor
- create 3 Merchant characters
- build diorama for The Mayor
- create profile for Merchant 1
- create profile for Merchant 2
- create profile for Merchant 3
- place security cam prop in scenario 0101
	+ apply camera facing behavior to camera
	+ create level sequence for scenario 0101 to open door
	+ create collision box to trigger level sequence on entry
- Place Merchants in scenario 0103
- Place Calder & The Mayor in scenario 0103

---

## [2019-08-14 06:26] eso

NEXT
x rebuild text labels and place in environment
P1 setup Mayor diorama
P1 put some clothes on the Mayor!
P1 place Calder, the Mayor and a merchant in scenario 0103
P2 design profile for a single merchant
P2 setup merchant character
P2 setup merchant diorama
x export gfx for each scenario
x add scenario gfx to powerpoint
P2 finish playable storyboard storyboard in powerpoint
x test Windows debug build

---

## [2019-08-14 08:00] eso

testing windows debug build

---

## [2019-08-14 08:06] eso

unfortunately build failed, but looks fixable later
UATHelper: Packaging (Windows (64-bit)):   LogInit: Display: -----------------------------------
UATHelper: Packaging (Windows (64-bit)):   LogInit: Display: CookResults: Error: Couldn't save package, filename is too long: D:/Users/Gary/Documents/Unreal Projects/ZOS_PAN0810_debug/Saved/Cooked/WindowsNoEditor/ZOS_PAN0810_debug/Content/OutlineMaker/ExampleContent/TopDownCharacter/Mannequin/Character/Materials/MaterialLayers/ML_Plastic_Shiny_Beige_LOGO.uas
set

---

## [2019-08-14 08:44] eso

I've moved Calder to 0103, and setup render target and some refinements to gaze behavior.

Working on the Mayor now. I am not sure if I'll have time to setup a merchant, the main thing I want to show for that is big chart for... what..
- my spending history?


x setup Mayor diorama
x put some clothes on the Mayor!
x create seperate data values for the Mayor's personality
x place Calder, the Mayor and a merchant in scenario 0103
x finish playable storyboard storyboard in powerpoint
P2 design profile for a single merchant (powerpoint)
P3 setup merchant character
P3 setup merchant diorama
x test Windows debug build

---

## [2019-08-14 12:47] eso

Ready to present

---

## [2019-08-15 09:50] eso

Plan for today is to do some housekeeping on the Unreal project
- can I fix the build errors I came across yesterday
- migrate all to clean project for next iteration

Learning more about level sequences
- I want to build the "loading screen" segments at the appropriate points
- prepare seperate movie assets from the storyboard

(re)evaluate deign principles
- why is information presented in 2D (screenspace) and in 3D (worldspace)
	- spatial posture
	- figurative postr

---

## [2019-08-15 14:23] eso

Jared just provided detailed video of the clue-finding storyboard
Its got good direction that I'll analyze a bit later

---

## [2019-08-21 11:24] eso

Preparing material for presentation later

Here is a Windows build of the visualization I'm presenting later.
\\hvault\Projects\Kestrel\UI\SKINJESTER\PAN0820\Demo_PAN0820.zip

I've only tested on my workstation but will most likely run on yours without incident.

CONTROLS
Move around with WASD keys and mouse, or use a gamepad.
Skip cinematics: X key or DPAD-UP
Toggle Fullscreen: F11
Exit: ALT-F4

BUGS
I noticed a couple quirky edge cases. Hopefully you won't, but if you find yourself in an odd state, press X (or DPAD-U) until you aren't anymore.


CHANGELIST:
integrated media from ZOS storyboard movie as cutscenes
added spatial triggers for media sequences
added option to skip cutscenes
built out scenario 0101: Identity Scan
player character starts as Trey, becomes female protagonist after character select
added Calder & The Mayor to crime scene

---

## [2019-08-21 12:08] eso

shared PAN0820 w ZOS, details provided on Slack

---

## [2019-08-21 12:12] eso

working on UI-Inventory collation. I'm just data gathering. I need ideas from the group on what is most appropriate for our purposes. What is our prpos? I feel that one purpose at this time is to get some skin in the game. I'd like to add some quality of life/visibility improvements for how the build is packaged. Before expressing this, I need to see how the build is packaged.
- What would it look like on the current Xbox/PS4/Steam/PC Dashboards?
- What does the current Press Start Screen look like
- What do the loading screens look like?

---

## [2019-08-22 11:30] eso

reading thru design documentation on Clues for meeting with David and Wynne
filling out JIRA

---

## [2019-08-22 17:41] eso

Met with Wynne and David to discus ARIS - the Augmented Reality Information System (which is what we're calling the Clue discovery and analysis system). I started a new presentation template for this and 2 games were referenced as an inspiration:
Batman Arkham Asylum (detective mode)
Detroit Become Human

I'm downloading both and will take an initial look later today
I want to get some refactoring time in on the prototype however and am spending a couple hours there, picking up where I left off earlier

---

## [2019-08-23 12:13] eso

Studying Detroit Become Human. I think its going to be a fantastic reference. There are a number of examples of problems I've wres5tled with in solved forms here. Particularly with regard to refined gaze detection, visible grid and an unexpected method of keeping Profile-type information player facing when it needs to be.

Getting ready to chat w Eric though, who has some design work to discuss on the BAN reskin. I've looked at what's progressed so far and its not a bad start. Not sure what Eric needs from me.

---

## [2019-08-26 09:39] eso

Peparing for sprint 14 planning meeting.
Reviewing and clarifying my workload

I'd like to segment my workload into 2 different stories:
Create and explore via Unreal engine a complete UI Taxonomy of HUD, Object/NPC Interactions, Clues, Conversations.  What would the in-game UI/UX flow appear for an actual use-case for accepting and starting a Case?

UX flow and UI wireframes for starting a case by analyzing clues at a crime scene to turn them into actionable leads

Content matrix for HUD, Object/NPC interactions, Clues and Markers

---

## [2019-08-27 07:56] eso

collating notes for brief discussion w Dave & Wynne

(1) Incidents can be investigated on-site in real time
(2) Incidents (along with any discoveries/outcomes) can be reviewed and investigated from a backlog of case files at any time
(3) Any discoveries/outcomes of an investigation are stored to a backlog of case files

Given these principles,ARIS may be represented by the following views:

- A navigable spatial representation of the Drone's incident scan, which
    + shows marked clues, selectable for investigation
    + shows AR-readout (profile) for a selected clue
    + shows interact prompt for analysis
    + shows interact prompt for research
    + updates clue state to a case file archive

- A case file browser, which
	+ is accessible from the scanning mode
	+ is accessible from a pause menu
	+ allows review of all collected incidents
	+ always invokes a spatial representation of the selected incident (from the Drone's memory)
- Investigation notes, which
	+ Enumerates investigated clues
	+ Enumerates analysis results
	+ Enumerates research results
- To-Do list
	+ selectable list of actions derived from the investigation

---

## [2019-08-28 06:42] eso

Setting up powerpoint presentation for conference call

---

## [2019-08-28 06:42] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Filling in details for single inspection chain and moving from temp doc to ARIS0900 presentation doc

---

## [2019-08-28 08:24] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
Writing copy describing goals and basic flow of the ARIS system. Text only.

I estimate I'll need about 3h to process and update the wireframes I sketched yesterday.

---

## [2019-08-28 09:05] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW
importing wireframe sketches into Photoshop

---

## [2019-08-28 09:42] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW
Working on clue markers and reticle scan for fixed view

---

## [2019-08-28 10:51] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Working on the analysis wireframe

---

## [2019-08-28 11:39] eso

I've finished transferring all the wireframes I sketched to powerpoint. I've done further refinement on the flow

In the next hour I want to:
Add Quest Tracker messaging to provide positive feedback
Show keybind for exit
x Show Mode labels
x Show clue counter

---

## [2019-08-28 12:56] eso

Ready to present

---

## [2019-08-28 14:35] eso

Presentation went well. Good discussion. I've reached out to Wynne to get a more complete crime scene description involving 3 clues

---

