# Raw Entries for April 2019

**Total Entries:** 50
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2019-04-03 17:14] eso

collating reference fior BAM emails along with various use cases

---

## [2019-04-03 17:43] eso

great reference to include in docs
https://reallygoodemails.com/
https://templates.mailchimp.com/concepts/how-html-email-works/
https://medium.com/ux-power-tools/5-types-of-really-good-emails-7d0e49e9847a
https://uxplanet.org/ux-in-email-design-342b0f3e59aa

---

## [2019-04-03 18:27] eso

I don't have further bandwidthe for the email template desigm but was able to research and set up a presentation frame & page size for the designs. Can reach a presentation layout in the next worksession

NEXT
- prepare ZOS invoice
- greetings to designers at Spring studios
- contact Eric and verify the email template work
	+ I see some mockups David made on the confluence page
- design email template
- create confluence doc for email template
	+ include research I came across
	+ make this a child page of Eric's doc
		https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=EP&title=BAM+System+Emails

---

## [2019-04-04 07:49] eso

researching Sprung Studios. Will reach out to the designers today

Ruwan Fernando - Lead UX/UI Designer
Ruwan@sprungstudios.com

Keyan Mynhardt - UX/UI Designer
Keyan@sprungstudios.com

---

## [2019-04-04 10:31] eso

Greg provided an intro email woth material for review

---

## [2019-04-04 10:59] eso

created confluence boilerplate for email template design work
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/EP/BAM+Email+Template+Design+Notes

---

## [2019-04-04 20:11] eso

completed 1st pass on email template layout.
Scale seems a bit off

---

## [2019-04-04 23:25] eso

updated layout to v2
cleaner, better scale

NEXT
apply this v2 design spec to additional Transactional message types
update Confluence & review w Eric

---

## [2019-04-05 11:16] eso

sent initial screenshot to Eric to get a read. He's good w the basic direction
I've arrived at a presentation layout

ADD USE CASES
x Account Activation Request
x Account Activation Success
x Modify email preferences (Localized for UK)
- Purchase Failure
- Reset Password

---

## [2019-04-05 14:50] eso

added media to confluence doc. This is essentially complete now. The 2 additional use cases aren't a problem to add, but non-essential.
Calling this complete

---

## [2019-04-14 20:21] eso

I've been collating my Kestrel notes from last week's trip into a Mindmap

NEXT
respond to Ben's high level questions:

WHAT IS THE ONE THING WE MUST GET RIGHT TO MAKE THIS GAME’S UX/UI WORTH UNDERTAKING?
Formally, we must understand the role of multiple presentation layers in the world and the front end, and must know when, why and how to exploit these patterns fluidly. Put another way, we need to understand where the Fourth Wall begins and ends.

Visually, we must consider the entire environment to be "alive" in some sense. We're all familiar with the idea of the Smart Home, but this is a Smart City. This bookends nicely the idea of an all-seeing AI behind the scenes, but is also becoming the reality for personal and public spaces. Understanding how smart objects behave in public is something which is increasingly important in our lives.

Thematically, As Jared mentioned, we need to approach our Futurism with an understanding of where the technology came from and the reasons it exists.The most interesting thing to me about this project is the feedback loops existing between the real world and the game world. It is conceptually fascinating to think about Augmented Reality in the third person.

Strategically, UX/UI is worth undertaking because it is literally the boundary between customers and a product. As I mention below, the definition of "customer" is fairly elastic, ranging from paying customer, to passive viewer, to journalist to customer support, and so on.


HOW DO YOU ALL DEFINE SUCCESS IN UX? HOW ARE WE BREAKING DOWN THE AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY IN ORDER TO ACHIEVE THIS SUCCESS?

I love when creative work gets to a place where it "writes itself". For this project, I define overall success as constructing a vision that is easy to communicate to the public and our peers. Commercial success to me looks like acknowledgement from the market and well as making a personal connection with consumers. I would love to see our UX/UI inspire this industry in the way that Dead Space and Horizon Zero Dawn captured my imagination.

Empathy, Scalability, Accountability and Serendipity are the criteria by which I measure success. Good UX doesn't try to be all things to all people - rather, it has a point of view. That point of view emerges as a synthesis of each of these criteria. As creators see the product differently than our customers, and differently than a journalist or someone in community support.

Similarly, part of Good UX is identifying patterns through research and observation. At this early stage, the onboarding materials, games designs and prototyped behaviors we examined are a huge step forward for ZOS in presenting a coherent and inspiring vision to a particular group of "users" - content creators and developers. One challenge ahead of us will be to broaden this footprint.




WHAT ASPECTS OF THE INTERNAL CULTURE OR EXTERNAL ENVIRONMENT COULD PUT THIS GAME’S UX/UI AT RISK TO FAIL?
Watching Dave work through game mechanics using the ESO engine seemed very practical to me, but also suspicious. This methodology raised red flags for me, having used it before as a designer. I wanted to take what he had done and add to it. For me, the ESO system is a closed box which is hard to open. For a UI designer (or any artist) to draw a rectangle onscreen (for example) takes multiple people and a pipeline which is overkill for that designer's needs and purposes. However the new rendering system may be months or years away. Investing time in ESO-style development may be a sunk cost that takes control, ownership, iteration and expression out of the hands of designers.

I feel that the switch to an Unreal-based work environment needs to be prioritized. ZOS has become very familiar with the features and limitations of an existing systems but I do not feel that using this system until a finalized new system comes along is the right way to "Think Different" or think long-term. It is important for UX/UI people (and other creators)  to "get skin in the game" so we can better work with our Art, Design, Engineering and Animation teammates.

I keep asking myself, is reliance on Confluence for capturing documentation problematic? Unless documentation is created in Confluence itself, embedded links do not remain live, and worse - are not searchable. But I really like the kind of documentation I'm seeing the team produce. Its great to see such a strong emphasis made on presentation and graphics. I can't help looking at alternative solutions such as Google's ecosystem of Docs, Sheets, Slides and so forth, which are broadly used for collaborative document creation, sharing and presentation. Just a thought. I am sure we will work this out.




ASSUMING WE MITIGATE THAT RISK, WHAT WOULD EXCEED YOUR WILDEST DREAMS?
Designing with the delivery system offers context and control to a broader audience and a broader group of creators. There are of course other design processes and artifacts. Interactive visualization capability is just a tool. But what an amazing tool! As a designer and developer, I've found great value in mobile dev and webdev processes in which the authoring environments are largely the same as the delivery environment, leading to faster experimentation, easy sharing, more iteration and quicker course correction.

My hope is that UX/UI can help inform and inspire the design effort and identify behavioral and presentational issues early on. Just once, I would love to avoid overdesigning :)

Its not so much a matter of getting it right or wrong, but rather getting to next steps. Traversal, targeting and ability usage are a couple areas which rely on stacking behaviors from different systems. There is nothing like seeing this all happening at once in context; being able to "touch" the design as a whole. At its best, UX/UI shapes the perception of a product - how it is experienced. How I would love to be able to work directly with a game designer or engineer - to build on their work even as they build on my own - to realize and perhaps even inspire their thinking about their own work

---

## [2019-04-15 09:07] eso

sent invitation & greetings to Sprung
working on finishing 1st draft answers to Ben's 5 High Level Questions
Want to continue collating my notes - I think that's just a matter of cleaning up and maybe breaking out parts of the mindmaps to seperate entities.
Think about the agenda for conferencing with Sprung - its mentioned in the notes I took yesterday

---

## [2019-04-15 09:09] eso

Received invite from Ruwan to join their Slack workspace. I've done so. Settibng up the desktop app now

---

## [2019-04-15 09:47] eso

finishing up 1st draft of my responses to Ben's High Level Questions. I'm going to share this with Ben, Greg, Jared, Keyan & Ruwan

---

## [2019-04-15 12:07] eso

sending out my responses. Has been pretty thoughtful exercise
	Gary Boodhoo <gboodhoo@gmail.com>,
"Ruwan@sprungstudios.com" <Ruwan@sprungstudios.com>,
"Keyan@sprungstudios.com" <Keyan@sprungstudios.com>
cc:	Jared Carr <jared.carr@zenimaxonline.com>,
Ben Jones <ben.jones@zenimaxonline.com>,
David Mendelsohn <david.mendelsohn@zenimaxonline.com>

---

## [2019-04-15 13:55] eso

collating my notes and thinking about meeting structure and strategies for collaborating w Sprung Studios

Working together
	Daily conference call
		What are you working on today
		What did you work on yesterday
		What would you like to work on next
		Look at each others work & notes for discussion
		What are we presenting this week
	Short term goals
		Weekly phone sync with ZOS
		What are our goals for the week
		What do we want to discuss w ZOS this week?
	Mid-Term goals
		I'm investing time to learning Unreal Engine and hope to be at a point where I can perform a series of activities I've identified for myself as meaningful
	Long Term goals
		Innovate
		Succeed
		Iterate

		(enum)
			import ZOS geometry
			import assets
			Use the environment for 2D & 3D layout
			Understand the scope of animation
				geometric primitives
				visual effects
				texture & coordinate mapping
				procedural animations using plugins
				scripted animation helpers
			create interactivity for a game controller using the authoring tools
				implement simple scripts to supplement interactivity
			share work with other Unreal users

---

## [2019-04-15 15:38] eso

wrapped up conference call with Sprung. Was good to see those guys. They've set up an Asana board and will post gfx output there as a repository for ZOS presentation. We are agreed that blocking out the HUD and understanding screen space is a good beginning.

Sprung is OOO this Friday, but I will take ownership of the Concept Mapping activity I identified in my notes (i.e. using our reference strategically with desirability testing)

NEXT
- study screenspace
- put together documentation to serve as an introduction
	+ include examples
- name the layers

TOMORROW
- HUD blockout in defined screen space



Hey Greg, sorry for the delay. I was generally tasked by Eric Buhlman and reported to Jo Burba on the ESO side of things. The work I've done for the webteam abnd platform services includes concepting, creative direction, design and

---

## [2019-04-15 16:05] eso

Ruwan has set up Asana board. Excellent. He's filling out accountable tasks based on what we spoke about.

https://app.asana.com/0/1118782186955124/list

---

## [2019-04-16 16:00] eso

working on a document Boundaries of the Interface, presented and discussed w Sprung during conference call . This is a good conceptual framing exercise. Has value.

---

## [2019-04-17 15:38] eso

posted current draft to  ux-team
This evaluation seeks to identify patterns that will meet KESTREL’s creative and behavioral goals. How do Players and Characters experience AUGMENTED REALITY living inside a hyper-capitalistic ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE? Also, is it really just Players and Characters? Help me find the missing bits.

Not sure if Sprung feels need to meet today (I don't). Waiting to see if they ping me at 4p

Dreams is available now!
Downloading Dreams, Destiny, The Division, The Division 2 (?)

NEXT
- authentication to COnfluence space still pending?
	- if its availasble, able to install the game?
	- if the game can be installed, how about P4 authentication to pull down the data
- able to access HVAULT?
	+ I want to store game reference there.
	+ Will include Skyrim here as a source of inspiration/teambuilding/fun
- STRATEGY: Work on the Definitions
- STRATEGY: Visual cleanup pass

---

## [2019-04-17 19:33] eso

spent time last night curating images. Doing so from the internet is hit and miss because its hard to drill down to the things you want to show. Ordered a new Flash drive so I can capture from PS4 in the future

---

## [2019-04-17 20:36] eso

meeting went well. jared specifically seemed pleased to have a framework to think about this material in, and a couple of the ideas from Sprung seem interesting to me and everyone else. David also seemed like he was digging my presentation - he said as much as we wrapped up. Its a good entrance into being able to share his kbnowledge and to tyighten up my own ideas this way.

We decided to switch to a 1hr meeting once a week moving forward, but also committed to showing ad hoc work using Slack like a blog.

---

## [2019-04-18 16:27] eso

scheduling daily conference call w Sprung

---

## [2019-04-18 16:57] eso

scheduled daily conference w Sprung
working on refining my definitions now

---

## [2019-04-18 17:41] eso

switching over to Learning Unreal. Its easy to assume I'll never be goodf at this until I have to be, so the epic journey starts here

---

## [2019-04-22 10:43] eso

testing connectivity for HVAULT, confluence, & pulling down a game build from ZOS

---

## [2019-04-22 10:47] eso

Here is the link to the BNET UX confluence space that I'd previously admired and I think there's some good lessone here on how to organize & maintain this kind of space for KESTREL and in general
https://confluence.zenimax.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=BNET&title=UX+Design+Library

---

## [2019-04-22 10:51] eso

logged into ZOS Microsoft Teams workspace. Not really in usage yet, but amd told this will be replacing Slack in the near future. Renamed the workgroup and description

---

## [2019-04-22 11:03] eso

I don't seem to be able to access Confluence, but perhaps just looking in the wrong place? Reached out to Greg to confirm

---

## [2019-04-23 05:58] eso

today's goals:
- complete definitions for Boundaries of the Interface
- collate and provide visual examples for Boundaries of the Interface
- consider moving doc to Powerpoint to gain access to Powerpoint 3D models
- export 3rd Person test level from Unreal
	+ How is it possible to share this w the team?
	+ Apparently Unreal allows for HTML5 export
	+ I can host this on skinjexter.com and send the URL
x daily conference call w Ruwan & Keyan @ Sprung
x follow up with Coherent Labs
- post boundaries of the Interface material to slack for meeting tomorrow and add commentary to stand-in for my walkthrough
- post reference material collection to Google Docs for sharing w Ruwan. He will taske the lead on asset gathering and collation


What is the overall project budget?
What stage are you at in terms of development and what is the projected release date of the project?
Do you have people with web development experience in your team? And what about Scaleform experience?

How many people do you have working on the UI of your game?

What issues that you are experiencing with your current UI software are you looking to solve with our software?

What would be your success criteria for the SDK evaluation

what are your deadlines/time frames for evaluation and potentially implementation of a UI solution

---

## [2019-04-23 07:39] eso

followed up with Coherent labs and added Ben to bcc:
currently examining how to export Unreal to HTML5

---

## [2019-04-23 08:21] eso

oh wow, I was able to run Unreal content in Chrome
Taking a look at how to package this up for upload to web server

---

## [2019-04-23 09:06] eso

looks like we're pushing the weekly meeting to Thursday? Which would be great.

---

## [2019-04-23 09:15] eso

casual chat w Ruwan
seeing if I can upload the test project to skinjester.com
oh holy shit - its working(?)

http://skinjester.com/unreal_text_export/HTML5/temp1_3rd_person.html
viewsome limitations, possibly addresable
- does not currently support game controller (possibly solvable)
- uses WASD, SPACE to move character
- uses mouse to rotate camera

---

## [2019-04-23 09:29] eso

shared my work on Slack to ux-team channel

---

## [2019-04-23 11:12] eso

Xbox game controller works with Unreal HTML5 export using Firefox 64-bit current version
Dualshock also kind of works, nut flaky,. You have to hold left trigger, and button mapping

Seems that Xbox game controller works fine on Win10 for the Unreal HTML5 export test on Firefox 64-bit current version. Probably some Chrome flag that can be set to enable it as well?
Dualshock on Win10 also kind of works in that browser, although   not in a nice way

---

## [2019-04-23 17:44] eso

nearly finished with definitions section, and added a section with illustrations and text about Reference Frames (world, object, camera and screen coordinates)

---

## [2019-04-23 21:32] eso

Its taken some time, but these definitions are quite efficient I think

---

## [2019-04-23 23:32] eso

reorganized basic quadrant diagrom from tyhe notes I made on Sunday

---

## [2019-04-24 11:03] eso

Doing some global layout refinement

---

## [2019-04-25 09:20] eso

continuing to work on Boundaries of the Interface doc. I feel like I'm missing an opportunity to describe how The camera frame of reference can be used to frame the character as a closeup, or even a transition to 1st person. This would be a case of crossing the boundaries maybe? At least as regards shifting from 3rd person to 1st person, not so much a change of posture.

So maybe that's something to think abnout?
- change of posture
- change of reference frame
- change of point of view
	+ 3rd person -> 1st person
	+ 1st/3rd person - > Screen space

NEXT
- capture and collate images
	+ Crossing the Boundaries
		* compass shows merchants, world markers show merchants
		* compass shows merchants, screen markers show metchants
		* compass shows merchants, world marker appears over merhant character
- Spatial Posture page
- Figurative Posture page
- Expressionist Posture page
- screenspace vs camera spacer
	+ use Fallout Mech HUD vs Fallout HUD to illustrate
- move reference library to HVAULT
	+ consider creating confluence page structure to stand up this reference for everyone definitively

---

## [2019-04-25 12:34] eso

further refinement and simplified Literal Posture page to include examples of reference frames. Will do same for the other Posture pages previously created

---

## [2019-04-26 11:59] eso

captured a number of screens from Fallout 4 yesterday
Confluence, JIRA & HVAULTacces have been worked out by reaching out to IT directly
Was expecting video conference w Sprung this am, but they aren;t consitent in their availability. I'm going to back off the idea - yet I feel its important to maintain that contact to work together efficiently - I'll let the work we do together dictate that however

For today, I want to finisgh up this document so I can move on to other activities

---

## [2019-04-26 12:21] eso

helping Keyan get connected to hvault from MacOS
Added VPN access to this machine

---

## [2019-04-29 08:01] eso

created Kestrel UX-UI hub on confluence. Mostly empty at the moment. Later today, take a look at the other work areas and add what you think might be useful

---

## [2019-04-29 10:11] eso

completed primary section of Boundaries of the Interface - which is devoted to definitions and reference. Today I will work on and collate example of Crossing the Boundaries
- real world examples
	- focus on examples from HZD due to familiarity with that system
- speculative examples

This should lead in to my sktching phase, where I want to examine how dketcghes of isolated elements can be moved through the different spaces I've defined here. The Illustrator App on iPad looks like it may be just the tool to work with this quickly & cleanly

---

## [2019-04-30 09:09] eso

Received updated SOW documentation for Skinjester contract. Reading through it now

STATEMENT OF WORK NO. 3
During the period commencing on January 1, 2019 and ending June 30, 2019
ZOS Purchase Order No. 1017305

AMENDMENT TO STATEMENT OF WORK NO. 3
This Amendment No. 2 (“Amendment No. 1”) is entered into as of April 29th, 2019
Amendment to ”) Statement of Work No. 3 effective as of December 6th, 2018
Contractor shall continue to provide one hundred sixty-five (165) hours per month of user interface and design related Services
- commencing as of April 8, 2019 such Services may be provided for Kestrel in addition to TESO

Contractor’s fees remain unchanged and not to exceed Twelve Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100 United States Dollars (US $12,500.00) per month.
- invoicing requirements set forth in Section 5 of SOW No. 3 shall be amended such that:
	- Contractor’s invoice for each month shall include line items indicating the number of hours of Services provided for each of TESO and Kestrel
	- such Services to be billed at a rate of Seventy-Five and 75/100 United States Dollars (US $75.75) per hour
	- Contractor shall continue to invoice ZOS monthly upon full delivery and ZOS acceptance of all Services performed and Deliverables delivered during such month.
	- All invoices submitted in connection with this SOW No. 3 shall reference ZOS Purchase Order No. 1017305 and shall be delivered to ap@zenimax.com.

OK, so the contract is effectively the same except for on the ZOS side, it now accounts for Kestrel seperately than ESO. Same PO number, no need to sub

---

## [2019-04-30 14:29] eso

I collated and labeled the activity sequences I captured in HZD last night as source material for the Crossing the Boundaries section. I intend tio track how UI elements behave at different stages of the Player journey

I feel like there's a chance to capture some other practical/weird examples as well
- paste animated gifs in AR on my phone
- draw lines in space in AR on my phone
- Google maps fox navigation in AR Maps

and finally, I will enclose descriptions of other kinds of speculative mechanics (I've listed 2 in the previous version). Would be great to be able to illustrate these somehow. Maybe using Powerpoint 3D tools?

---

## [2019-04-30 16:14] eso

layed out progressive image sequence for "Finding an Object in Cyberspace"
Need to figure out how to label and annotate it

---

## [2019-04-30 23:42] eso

worked out a method to annotate sequences after some experimentation

NEXT
P1 test export to PDF
	+ are videos retained?
	+ are animated gifs retained
P1 is it possible to convert Keynote to Powerpoint?
P2 map out additional captured sequences (2-3)
P3 incorporate other practical weird examples (animated gifs) with some body copy to describe the boundary crossing
- create confluence page to store document
- share doc to slack prior to meeting
	+ include keynote source doc

---

