# Raw Entries for June 2019

**Total Entries:** 85
**Projects:** deepdreamvisionquest, eso, spirit animal

---

## [2019-06-03 08:09] eso

invoicing. did I miss a month somehow?

ZOS-0010-201901	Jan 2019	sent 02/05		paid 3/13
ZOS-0010-201902	Feb 2019	sent 03/04		paid 3/27
ZOS-0010-201903	Mar	2019	sent 04/04		paid 5/22
ZOS-0010-201904	Apr 2019	sent 05/06		paid 5/29
ZOS-0010-201905	May 2019	sent 06/03		expected 7/3-7/12

UX
3D UI framework concepting
Quest and Objectives UX/interactions
Kestrel AR/UI concept development

Research
Learning Unreal Engine for 3D visualization of AR/UI concepts
Review Kestrel design docs
Video game research and comparative analysis

Design
Design documentation
Interactive 3D visualizations of AR/UI concepts

Meetings
Weekly presentations of ongoing work

Evaluation
Coherent Labs UI tool evaluation

---

## [2019-06-03 09:29] eso

sent out May invoice ZOS-0010-201905

---

## [2019-06-03 09:29] eso

spending some time preparing for retro and doing some Springt Planning. Need to take a look at the priorities ZOS had previously shared. How are we doing with that?

---

## [2019-06-03 10:35] eso

collated my sprint retro notes and identified tasks for this sprint

Demonstrate AR/UI framework for these specific use cases:
	- Ambient AR: inspecting objects in the world via AR data
	- Simple Interaction 1: Add interaction prompts to Missing Person/Side Job visualization
	- Complex Interaction: Vendor UI
	- Incorporate Player health design created by Sprung into visualization framework (non-interactive)
	- Incorporate Weapon widget design created by Sprung into visualization framework (non-interactive)
Begin UI catalog document hosted on confluence to identify and understand full scope of game UI
Build out confluence HUB with links & descriptions of all AR visualizations
Evaluate Coherent Labs UI toolkit and workflow

---

## [2019-06-03 11:32] eso

Sprint tasks that are mapped out are exactly what ZOS wants. They're very happy with how this sprint worked out. Keep going

NEXT
- build confluence workspace to store:
	+ presentations
	+ visualizations
- what are you showing on Wednesday?
	+ refinements to 3D environment
	+ refinements to visible grid
	+ interact prompt
	+ HTML5 deliverable

---

## [2019-06-03 16:03] eso

decent retro. Most importantly the team at ZOS is happy with the work they're getting. Am I focusing too much on the 3D AR visualization? Its the most interesting part to me, and the part that has extended value, and is making interesting on demonstraable discoveries

What do I want to show over the course of this sprint?
Further demonstartion and elaboration of how the layer I identified work together
Interaction using keybinds
Incorporate incidental design work from Sprung
- Player Health
- Ammo counter

---

## [2019-06-03 21:22] eso

verifying export of new work environment to HTML5

---

## [2019-06-04 01:39] eso

have been continuing to experiment w HTML5 output. I think its important - keeps deliverables easy to access & view - democratic, etc. Have rebuilt project. Still rebuilding it to keep the asset load small. Need to set my own expectations about what I will present on Wednesday. Spending much longer on the HTML stuff than expected today.

---

## [2019-06-04 09:55] eso

I've established a pretty reasonable workflow for publishing to HTML5 on AWS S3 server. I'm fine tuning some visuals for the next hour then reintegrating my prior work into this project

I am not expecting to show any new work this Wednesday other than a revised environment, HTML5 deployment, Confluence HUB. State and prioritize goals at planning session later

---

## [2019-06-04 14:31] eso

wrapping up my experimentation w HTML5 deployment. COmpensating for the lighting issues - it just doesn't look as good, but "looking as good" may be a bit of a distraction. As far as I can tell, everything I was doing before works. Another possibility for later is to examine pixel streaming from a server running Unreal. Apparently any device can view this interactive stream, and it sounds like a good solution.

I signed up for a subscription thru the AWS to Unreal Server. I'm also seeing that GameLift does (or did) provide similar services - although was not entirely clear if that referred to runniong a game server in its entirety or pixel straming or both

import and rebuild UI assets from prior project
cleanup interactions for these objects
revise visible grid component - its too square - its too black. need to see the world through it

---

## [2019-06-05 08:29] eso

setting up the prototype for presentation. Here's what I'm demonstrating:
- new working environment for AR/UI concepting
- new visible grid treatments
- successfully deploying Unreal content using HTML5 build hosted on Amazon S3 bucket

x change environment project title to "Kestrel Spatial Computing Facility"
P1 setup visibility interaction for gridsphere instance
P1 export presentation build
P1 share presentation build to Slack prior to presentation
P2 setup scrolling objective text
P3 add UI elements to cube setup

---

## [2019-06-05 09:22] eso

shared current build w Sprung for testing purposes. Mouse behavior on Mac is a bit flaky, and works better at full screen than in a windowed mode. Similar issues on PC. Using a gamepad is the optimal experience.

x change environment project title to "Kestrel Spatial Computing Facility"
P1 setup visibility interaction for gridsphere instance
P1 export presentation build
P1 share presentation build to Slack prior to presentation
P2 setup scrolling objective text
P3 add UI elements to cube setup
P2 summarize presentation talking points

TALKING POINTS
Why did you create this environmentr
What are you exploring
What can you do with this
How did you create this
What are your next steps with this
What challenges did you face

---

## [2019-06-05 12:30] eso

publishing demo build
updated slack
ready to present

---

## [2019-06-06 08:55] eso

Reviewed some comms & progress tracking that Greg shared w the team.

---

## [2019-06-06 08:56] eso

SPRINT 11 FOR THE CONTENT TEAM HAS BEEN ACTIVATED:

https://jira.zenimax.com/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1011&selectedIssue=KES-1522

Please take a moment to review your scheduled work and get back to me if you spot any errors or omissions. As a reminder – the sprint ends Tuesday, June 25th to allow stakeholders to review submitted work June 26th and 27th before the Sprint review on the 28th.

The top-level goals for the sprint are:

•	Complete a working version of the final Presentation for the June update to Rockville
•	Get a first pass at MSFT Teams implemented as a working and useful tool for the team
•	Provide an updated version of the project roadmap: deliverables and goals checklist for each development phase, and a clearer understanding of overall dev process
•	Gameplay Prototyping:
o	Support Rockville Presentation Gameplay
	Build gameplay to support the Rockville Presentation:
	Capture and playable demo space
	Refine traversal mechanics for Rockville Presentation
o	Art support for the presentation with concept art, 3d key art, and environment production
•	Solidify design structure for Quests and Side Jobs
•	Solidify the next pass at our Main Story, incorporating all valid feedback
•	Engine and Tools – TBD


Reading this places greater significance on the work I'm doing in Unreal.
What are my goals for the next review?

UX
Interactive objective
- Take Job
- Save Job
- Track Job
- Stop Tracking Job
- Open Mission Log

Sequenced hit states for progressive disclosure of layers
active system layer
	- personal files
	- desktop wallpaper
	- options

Find a way to interact with the system layer
Find a way to interact w the application layer
	- explicit visual target > activate by looking at it
	- does "looking" at it mean making it be center screen? > can there be an offset?
	- what buttons/controls are available?
	- simple use case: interact w system layer to make bank info appear and auto scroll
Can shoegazing be a useful way to enter a "modal state" for interaction w the UI?


DESIGN
+ more compact presentation of the info
+ viewable over busy/bright emvironment
	* visible grid
	* panels

PRODUCTION
Create a confluence doc describing features of the UI system I'm examining. Use the material dsummarized in job_ux-ui_v3_presentation-01 powerpoint/pdf
	- Visible grid
	- UI layering
		+ system
		+ application
		+ public
	+ Shoegazing
	+ Progressive disclosure
	+ Engaging by Looking

---

## [2019-06-07 10:44] deepdreamvisionquest

I'm working on some promotion and outreach today
- draft proposal to IEE VIS 2019 Arts Program
- draft description of Image Garden workshop for CODAME

---

## [2019-06-07 10:44] spirit animal

I'm working on some promotion and outreach today
- draft proposal to IEE VIS 2019 Arts Program
- draft description of Image Garden workshop for CODAME

---

## [2019-06-07 10:45] deepdreamvisionquest

made a few tweaks to deepdreamvisionquest.com layout and content, mostly to step back inside the work

---

## [2019-06-07 10:45] spirit animal

made a few tweaks to deepdreamvisionquest.com layout and content, mostly to step back inside the work

---

## [2019-06-07 11:42] deepdreamvisionquest

finished tewaking/simplifying deepdreamvisionquest.com for now. I haven't really looked at in in months. I renamed the "Visuals" section to read "Paintings", but I feel like that section wants to be about the workshops I've given - which would make the top-level menu more deliberate and purpose driven. To state:
HOME
INSTALLATIONS
WORKSHOPS
EVENTS

I can address that over the course of the weekend in conjunction with the writeup I'm doing for CODAME. For now though, without a doubt - the reduced body font size and simplification of the landing page are an improvement

https://new.precisionconference.com/submissions#

---

## [2019-06-07 11:42] spirit animal

finished tewaking/simplifying deepdreamvisionquest.com for now. I haven't really looked at in in months. I renamed the "Visuals" section to read "Paintings", but I feel like that section wants to be about the workshops I've given - which would make the top-level menu more deliberate and purpose driven. To state:
HOME
INSTALLATIONS
WORKSHOPS
EVENTS

I can address that over the course of the weekend in conjunction with the writeup I'm doing for CODAME. For now though, without a doubt - the reduced body font size and simplification of the landing page are an improvement

https://new.precisionconference.com/submissions#

---

## [2019-06-07 18:14] deepdreamvisionquest

completed abstract for proposal
created draft powerpoint doc to export PDF from
first pass curation of imagery to include for presentation
first pass curation of imagery to include as supplemental
added blog section to menu nav for deepdreamvisionquest

---

## [2019-06-07 18:14] spirit animal

completed abstract for proposal
created draft powerpoint doc to export PDF from
first pass curation of imagery to include for presentation
first pass curation of imagery to include as supplemental
added blog section to menu nav for deepdreamvisionquest

---

## [2019-06-08 00:43] deepdreamvisionquest

finished sending the proposal. Its a first draft at best, but I believe it to be an honest and accurate reflection of the project and my intentions. Nice work.

---

## [2019-06-08 00:43] spirit animal

finished sending the proposal. Its a first draft at best, but I believe it to be an honest and accurate reflection of the project and my intentions. Nice work.

---

## [2019-06-08 01:28] deepdreamvisionquest

I refined the layout a bit and resubmitted the PDF doc

---

## [2019-06-08 01:28] spirit animal

I refined the layout a bit and resubmitted the PDF doc

---

## [2019-06-08 16:59] deepdreamvisionquest

axdditional design and content for deepdreamvisionquest.com

---

## [2019-06-08 16:59] spirit animal

axdditional design and content for deepdreamvisionquest.com

---

## [2019-06-09 11:43] eso

working on cleaning up the unreal project using material instancing and collection techniques learned on Friday. After that I'm going to apply the distance fading technique I've been experimenting with.

---

## [2019-06-09 12:04] deepdreamvisionquest

removed PAINTINGS section, to be replaced with a WORKSHOPS section

---

## [2019-06-09 12:04] spirit animal

removed PAINTINGS section, to be replaced with a WORKSHOPS section

---

## [2019-06-09 13:44] deepdreamvisionquest

adding captions to assets in Installation Gallery

---

## [2019-06-09 13:44] spirit animal

adding captions to assets in Installation Gallery

---

## [2019-06-09 13:49] deepdreamvisionquest

- need to fix responsive menu text link color
- finish labeling Installation gallery assets
x use 13px font for Installation gallery items

---

## [2019-06-09 13:49] spirit animal

- need to fix responsive menu text link color
- finish labeling Installation gallery assets
x use 13px font for Installation gallery items

---

## [2019-06-10 07:59] eso

The distance fading technique I've been exploring isnt controllable or general purpose enough. I'm looking into how to animate a proper dissolve. Spending more time on this one small piece than expected

---

## [2019-06-11 08:40] eso

significant refinement to rendering quality and lighting for HTML deployment
spent time yesterday testing new materials & techniques and preparing the new presentation level.

I've generalized the UI materials as instances, and added additional functionality to shift and/or animate the UVs.

I've improved the photoshop and panel workflow so that the mesh and texture map gfx are always at a 1:1 aspect ration. Using artboards in Photoshop to keep all the assets organized and exportable from a single document. I think this will enable better micro/macro iterations.

---

## [2019-06-11 11:26] eso

working on some background masking details before gettingback to UI element build and layout

---

## [2019-06-11 13:10] eso

took care of minor task for BAM site (documentation). Eric tells me the devs are ready to start working on that but Jared wants to keep me on Kestrel w/o interruption
rebuilding old UI layout

---

## [2019-06-11 14:39] eso

a word of advice, man. Stop spending time doing layout while rebuilding these UI assets. One thing at a time

---

## [2019-06-12 06:57] eso

preparing work for demo later. Modified UI layout uising new build technique with artboards in Photoshop in conjunction w material instances, and its great. Very flexible and iterative compared to the single file at a time approach I was taking previously

x implement timerfade on ui scrim
x setup timer fade standalone demo on a plane
x setup distance blend demo
x setup timer fade demo on group of objects (reactive grid)
x setup distance blend demo on group of objects
- setup 2nd UI setup w dark bkg

LATER
- experiment w pixel streaming
	- setup web server using Linux machine and static ip

---

## [2019-06-12 11:01] eso

oh hello - I've got timelend blend transition working on the UI config

---

## [2019-06-12 11:17] eso

working on show/hide interactions using level blueprint and hitbox placed in the map

---

## [2019-06-12 12:14] eso

finished wiring up show/hide interactions for UI layers
testing

---

## [2019-06-12 12:31] eso

added duplicate (non-interactive) setup w dark bkg
publishing HTML now

---

## [2019-06-12 12:36] eso

verified on server

https://skinjester.s3.amazonaws.com/viz/ZOS_KUX0500-HTML5-Shipping.html

Here is the visualization I'll be discussing during our conference call. This demo examines display of the UI config over dark backgrounds, progressive disclosure and interaction design for masking & blending in the projected AR environment

The provided link works on Chrome & Firefox 64-bit browsers
If you're running on Windows, the game controller provides the best experience, otherwise use mouse + WASD to navigate

---

## [2019-06-12 14:48] eso

Presentation went well. some good feedback that I took notes on. Working on project cleanup. Hacked a couple of things together at the last minute and not exactly sure how theyre working.
Also wanting to see if I can apply distance blending technique to text

---

## [2019-06-22 11:30] eso

Doing some research and collation to understand Interactable objective patterns. The consensus arrived at during last week's presentation was that non-modal interactions and presentation of UI will not scale well and become increasingly elaborate.

The challengee is to retain spatial awareness during UI interactions. "Keep the player movin" as David said.

Jared expressed support for the visualization work that I'm doing and wants to see more of it. He specifically mentioned a camera transition to frame a UI surface, rather than trying to literally manipulate the world space projections (my words). Without specifically asking, its clear that's what he;d like to see - something resembling The Division. I asked this directly to the group, and that seemed to be the general feeling. Perhaps misguided, as many of those guys play The Division regularly. But the game solves some of these same issues and the ideas there can definitley be built upon, if only as a source of status quo/truth

---

## [2019-06-22 11:49] eso

for the conference call on Wednesday, in addition to the presentation
collate work on Confluence

Links to any prototypes
PDF attachments of design notes
Links to collated Milanote Board which should include any non-personal content I've gathered
PDF attachment for Boundaries of the Interface document

---

## [2019-06-23 23:51] eso

I'm going to include Milanote links instead of transferring material to Confluence

I've done extensive research on Watchdogs2. Maybe too much given the goals I've set for this presentations. I felt like I learned a lot from this game however. The distinction between my visible grid concept and AR-Assist for example. And also a good example of using a keybinds in conjunction with a contextual interact menu. Finally, the value and inevitability of interaction at a distance. This makes the conceit of these objectives being hosted on a network much more plausible.

---

## [2019-06-24 09:28] eso

captured additional reference from The Division and collating that now. I mapped out my production plan last night. Need to prioritize that after

---

## [2019-06-24 10:28] eso

finished collating Division screenshots

---

## [2019-06-24 11:35] eso

finished collating Division video assets

---

## [2019-06-24 14:54] eso

setting up Powerpoint template from older presentation

---

## [2019-06-24 15:26] eso

setting up some confluence stub pages for later, and to store my research. Examining hgow longg it takes me to transfer material from The Division as test case

---

## [2019-06-24 15:34] eso

abandoning confluence work. I can return to that as a dedicated task later. Is time consuming, and I can show relevant animated GIFS in powerpoint as needed

---

## [2019-06-24 16:44] eso

setup stub powerpoint doc with layout templates

NEXT
x start at the end and describe the presentation
x add UI concepts writeup section to The Division
	+ use the concept writeups to summarize my research
	+ include link to Milanote docs(?)
x scrub and prioritize tasks identified last night
- sketch example of screenshots to focus work in Unreal
- Unreal scene editing to setup for screenshots


I'm a bit in love with my research and that needs to be mentioned and summarized, but that secondary subject. I'll open with how I returned to some game research and did an analysis of camera framing, Ar-Assist, UI layout patterns and modal interaction patterns.

I will collate my presentation in Powerpoint and export PNG files for presentation

P1 AR ASSIST VS. THE VISIBLE GRID
P1 JOB UI VIEW CONTROLLER W TABBED NAV AND SCROLLABLE LIST OF OPTIONS
P1 OBJECTIVE: CHECKPOINT
P1 WORLDSPACE MARKERS INCORPORATING KEYBINDS
P2 OBJECTIVE: RETRIEVAL
P2 CAMERA FRAMING AND UI DEPTH
P2 TYPES OF OBJECTIVES
P2 OBJECTIVE TOOLTIPS
P2 CONTEXTUAL INTERACT MENU

DEFINITIONS
Active interface
AR-Assist
Camera Framing
Focus
Interact Menu
Marker
View controller
Visible Grid

---

## [2019-06-24 20:11] eso

adding sections to Powerpoint doc

---

## [2019-06-24 20:54] eso

additional setup and content stub for Powerpoint doc. Now its just a matter of filling in the blanks

NEXT
x write a description of the UI concept to provide basis for sketching
- sketch example of gfx productions to focus work in Unreal
- Unreal scene editing to setup for screenshots
- gfx production: worldspace markers
- gfx production: Mission View Controller
- gfx production: Checkpoint objective
- gfx production: Retrieval Objective
- gfx production: Interact Menu
- update JIRA with my worklog for Sprint Trackng

---

## [2019-06-25 06:28] eso

filling out sections of the presentation prior to sketching designs for mockup in Unreal

---

## [2019-06-25 07:03] eso

working on Visible Grid vs Ar-Assist section

---

## [2019-06-25 12:37] eso

began 2nd worksession by writing out the details of the UI concept in preparation for sketching it out and as body copy basis of the text in the presentation. Need to do 2nd pass on the text to simplify

---

## [2019-06-25 13:09] eso

setting up unreal environment
- dont fixate on setting up AR mode to de-emphasize the enviromnment
- immediate priority is to sketch out the thing that I'll be buyilding here. Once those are in place I can think more clearly about setting up the environment. focus.

---

## [2019-06-25 13:49] eso

I can already see myself setting up to spend time on the environment. Its not unreasonable to simply hide the geometry and show a uniform background

---

## [2019-06-25 14:20] eso

setup an AR level and a Real World level in Unreal
Transcribing my previous description of the UI concept

---

## [2019-06-25 14:41] eso

prepared objective marker diagram sequence sketch
can include in my deck

---

## [2019-06-25 16:30] eso

Finished writing up UI concept, fairly concise, fits in 2 columns (!)

---

## [2019-06-25 18:56] eso

I've created wireframes for worldspace marker, objective Profile and View COntroller.

Realizing belatedly that the single colum view controller causes problems w stacking content inthe space, which is something I want to mention. So refactoring that layout as 2-col

---

## [2019-06-25 20:02] eso

finished refactoring View controller as 2-col layout

NEXT
x write a description of the UI concept to provide basis for sketching
x sketch example of gfx productions to focus work in Unreal
x stub in content examples
x gfx production: worldspace markers
x gfx production: interact prompt
x gfx production: View Controller
- update JIRA with my worklog for Sprint Trackng
- organize presentation deliverable folder to include each of my presentations & prototypes. May need to create quick ad-hoc PDFs with description & goals of prototype and link to S3 bin where it can be run

---

## [2019-06-26 00:07] eso

completed 1st pass of worldspace markers after relighting the environment and constructing icon in photoshop. Placed in world and looking reasonable

FOR TOMORROW
I may need to export the PDF UI wireframes I made as PDF to avoid rebuilding them in PS

export assets for Marker slide
x markers in real world
x markers in AR-Assist
x Approaching a marker to focus in real world
x focusing on marker in AR-Assist

---

## [2019-06-26 07:22] eso

working on Focused Marker slide
working on setting up cameraspace Profile in Unreal
Once I've setup the Profile, I should be able to repeat same method for View Controller. AT that point I can generate all the demo sereens I need
ETA 2h (930)

---

## [2019-06-26 07:47] eso

I've got a basic Profile UI gfx attached to the camera. good enough. That was straightforward, although raises question of anchoring the UI to the screen rather than the viewport, so that it stays at a fixed location at all times - need to think thatg over later

---

## [2019-06-26 10:25] eso

I've generated all the assets I need from Unreal.

---

## [2019-06-26 10:28] eso

first draft complete. I could present from this right now if needed. Reviewing doc to see what's missing or what needs support details

- review and refine presentation doc
- export presentation doc to HVAULT
x collate list of next steps for this work for presentation wrapup (talking points)
	+ what does this look like for people?
	+ refine wireframes to better suggest real world usage and options
		* what happens to camera space elements (the Profile) when you change POV?
			- HZD: profile tooltip goes away before entering awkward perspective
			- Division2: profile responds to change of camera orientation, while keeping fixed anchor point
			- Watchdog2: profile is show in screen space. remains visible until something else goes out of focus or nothing is near center screen
	+ How does the Profile expand/transition into the View Controller?
x what do I need from the group
	+ how does everyone feel about the expanded role of AR-Assist?
	+ What kinds of objectives can be interacted with remotely
- update JIRA with my worklog for Sprint Trackng
- organize presentation deliverable folder to include each of my presentations & prototypes. May need to create quick ad-hoc PDFs with description & goals of prototype and link to S3 bin where it can be run


WHAT DO I NEED FROm THE GROUP?
	+ how does everyone feel about the expanded role of AR-Assist?
		* In an intelligent networked system, why wouldn't I be able to get intel remotely? I can do so today using my phone, TV remote, or my voice
		* What kinds of interactions can be executed remotely?
	+ For the view controller, should motion be locked? Or is there value in allowing restricted motion?
	+ Should the View COntroller be anchored to a single spot, or can I walk around with it open, (as in Dead Space?)

NEXT STEPS
	+ what does this look like for people?
	+ refine wireframes to better suggest real world usage and options
		* what happens to camera space elements (the Profile) when you change POV?
			- HZD: profile tooltip goes away before entering awkward perspective
			- Division2: profile responds to change of camera orientation, while keeping fixed anchor point
			- Watchdog2: profile is show in screen space. remains visible until something else goes out of focus or nothing is near center screen
	+ How does the Profile expand/transition into the View Controller?
	+ How does a player know that they can Tap or Hold the interact prompt?
	+ What if the interact prompt

---

## [2019-06-26 12:08] eso

shared my research w Sprung

---

## [2019-06-26 12:20] eso

ready to present

---

## [2019-06-26 12:49] eso

some kind of technical issue w Skype. Not connected

---

## [2019-06-26 15:38] eso

Presentation went well. documented feedback and next steps. good chat w David after the meeting too

---

## [2019-06-27 08:47] eso

NEXT
- update JIRA with my worklog for Sprint Trackng
- organize presentation deliverable folder to include each of my presentations & prototypes. May need to create quick ad-hoc PDFs with description & goals of prototype and link to S3 bin where it can be run

---

## [2019-06-27 10:23] eso

finished updating JIRA

PRESENTATION LIST

06/26/2019	KUX520
06/19/2019	KUX510
06/12/2018	KUX500
05/29/2018	KUX490	KUX430
05/22/2019	KUX480	KUX420
05/15/2019	KUX470	KUX410
05/08/2019	KUX460	KUX400
05/01/2019	Boundaries of the Interface v2
04/17/2019 	Boundaries of the Interface v1

---

## [2019-06-27 10:38] eso

x update JIRA with my worklog for Sprint Trackng
x organize presentation deliverable folder to include each of my presentations & prototypes
- read though Sample Quests.pdf doc
- review and reflect upon design history
- after reflecting, think about where you want this design to go
	+ define in terms of what a finished exploration looks like

---

## [2019-06-27 11:38] eso

organized filesystem on Dropbox and HVAULT to collate and identify each design iteration clearly

---

## [2019-06-27 12:03] eso

I organized my work and retroactively assigned ID nomenclature to match what I've been using internally. Current design iteration is KUX0600

---

## [2019-06-28 11:55] eso

created KUX0600 presentation template. Working through Unreal functionality now for targeting and affecting marker objects. I'll want these to retain their size independent of camera distance. Not sure if these should be mesh or UMG components.

---

