# Raw Entries for May 2019

**Total Entries:** 101
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2019-05-01 07:27] eso

testing PDF export

---

## [2019-05-01 07:46] eso

Acrobat export does not accomodate video or animated gifs

---

## [2019-05-01 08:07] eso

Actually you can embed the video content in the Acrobat app, but appears to require Flash Player for playback on MacOS

Also it seems that to author with this content, you need to export from InDesign

Its not looking promising for embedded video, however the layout and so forth look fine

What about Powerpoint? I dont recall these difficulties there?

No problem with playback from Powerpoint
Then again, no problem w playback from Keynote
The issue is about a portable document independent of the presentation software
Sounds like I can present in Powerpoint or Keynote
and provide readable documentation as PDF

but I want to solve easy problems. The video is awesome, but not critical
the larger issue I want to communicate is a way of thinking about representations in-game, and framing this as an anchor for sketching and design

The reason I'd want to present in Powerpoint is so I can use existing conferencing setup there.

- Test conferencing on Macbook

---

## [2019-05-01 08:40] eso

tested conferencing from macbook w David
- The split screen mode on this monitor is the way to go
- Dont use moving images at all because the latency makes them fail when screensharing
- present from PDF during meeting

---

## [2019-05-01 10:19] eso

adding finding a merchant use case

---

## [2019-05-01 11:12] eso

added gfx to new use case
after completing this use case, the presentation is completed

---

## [2019-05-01 12:29] eso

inspecting PDF output

---

## [2019-05-01 12:29] eso

- follow up w William Brall on Slack later

---

## [2019-05-01 14:08] eso

good meeting. Solid progress on the compass as well as the conversation system. My own presentation was rusghed though and I don't know if I framed it as well as I might have. I posted the doc to Slack as well as some feedback on screenshots of material Sprung presented.

Also took notes, which I'll collate in a moment.
What are my next steps?

---

## [2019-05-02 09:59] eso

devoting some time today for studying Unreal
read through the document on Parties & Quest States that David posted
copy game reference to hvault
identify & quantify goals for the sketching activity I'm beginning

NEEDS
- I need to be able to see documentation and pictures on the wall, not on the computer
	+ consider purchasing whiteboard or similar solution for persistent display

TODO
- discuss w Sprung  how/where to collate our reference so we can all use it

---

## [2019-05-03 09:13] eso

reviewing ZOS spreadsheet of priorities to determine my next steps

---

## [2019-05-03 09:31] eso

OK, I'll be working on the Mission & Side Jobs UI task
I've been working on PAN/AR as a concept. How can I express that work?
What about Confluence? How can I support the team with that?
What is our agenda for next ZOS conference?
What are we working towards?

There's some talk from Sprung about preparing a list of deliverables? What are they?

Are we working together or seperately?

---

## [2019-05-03 09:51] eso

here's a more itemized list of priorities
- compass
- targeting reticle
- Weapon status/info
	- HUD selection/cycling
	- Ammo status
- HUD ability information
	+ ability selection/cycling
- Player health/stamina/shield info
- Group/Party widget
- Quest/Mission Objectives widget
- Interact prompts & player instructions
- AR interfaces
	+ simple system
		* tooltip (inspecting things in the world via AR data)
	+ medium complexity
		* job (missing person poster, bulletin board)
	+ high complexity
		* vendor

---

## [2019-05-03 10:27] eso

maybe the categories I'm constructing during this strategy session can be reflected in Confluence as well

For Boundaries of the Interface (for example), I'd have a Boundaries of the Interface page, and would include versions of the document in timestamped sections

I'm copying my personal reference folder to Hvault as well. I don't think this is necesarily the best place for it though. Cancelling that.

What I will do instead is create a SKINJESTER folder as a Hub in that workspace

Itemized by my own interest
P1 AR interfaces
	+ simple system
		* tooltip (inspecting things in the world via AR data)
	+ medium complexity
		* job (missing person poster, bulletin board)
	+ high complexity
		* vendor
	+ Interact prompts
	+ Player instructions
P1 Quest/Mission Objectives widget
P2 Weapon status/info
	- HUD selection/cycling
	- Ammo status
P2 HUD ability information
	+ ability selection/cycling
P2 compass
P3 targeting reticle
P3 Player health/stamina/shield info
P3 Group/Party widget
- Main menu
- Apartment PAN mission terminal
- Focus Fire UI mechanic
- Ambush UI mechanic

---

## [2019-05-03 11:37] eso

mapped out this information to a spreadsheet with assignments to show full scope of requested work

---

## [2019-05-03 12:25] eso

transferred the spreadsheet to confluence. Waiting to hear back from Sprung on thei planning they're doing interanally so we can compare notes and set agenda for next week's meeting. Will send out to them after lunch

---

## [2019-05-03 13:49] eso

sent out my strategy notes to Sprung

---

## [2019-05-06 07:56] eso

preparing April invoice ZOS-0010-201904

January		invoice ZOS-0010-201901	submitted 2/5
payment 59300	invoice ZOS-0010-201901 2/5	paid 3/13

February	invoice ZOS-0010-201902	PO 1017205	submitted 3/4
payment 59883	invoice ZOS-0010-201902 3/4	paid 3/27

March		invoice ZOS-0010-201903	PO 1017305 submitted 4/4
awaiting payment

April		invoice ZOS-0010-201904 PO 1017305 submitted 5/6
awaiting payment


April
ESO-PLATFORM	Business and Account Managementy email templates
ESO-PLATFORM	Post account creation UX
ESO-PLATFORM	Post account creation page layouts
KESTREL	studio visit prep
KESTREL	game comparitive product analysis
KESTREL			studio visit & onboarding
KESTREL			post-studio visit review & mindmapping
KESTREL			Boundaries of the Interface concept
KESTREL			Learning Unreal

---

## [2019-05-06 09:00] eso

sent out invoice
sharing my preproduction notes on Slack to UX Team
cancelling weekly meeting w Sprung until requested

---

## [2019-05-06 14:36] eso

mind mapping the high concept narrative to gain some insights into quests, objectives, relationships, power dynamics, locations, etc.

---

## [2019-05-06 14:37] eso

Greg reached out and asked me to compile a list of sprint deliverables. Going over that now

*Story/Deliverable*
The UX team has completed a pass at documenting Kestrel’s  <insert the system here>.  The documentation is detailed enough such that the UX team and appropriate stakeholders are able to clearly identify the next steps needed for this UX system in future sprints.

*Acceptance Criteria*
*Documentation posted on Confluence or other, agreed upon medium
*Documentation reviewed by stakeholders, clear direction and next-steps provided
*Scope and detail of documentation to be agreed upon by UX team and stakeholders

*Stakeholders*
J Carr
B Jones
D Mendelsohn

*Estimates*
(40 hours per area)

---

## [2019-05-06 14:54] eso

Here's what Sprung posted

*Deliverables:*
Exploratory documents that ensure we’ve researched and fully considered this feature at this stage of development.

- HUD| Active Weapon and Ammo
- Conversation System
- Nav/AR Assist
- Ambush UI (edited)

SKINJESTER

*Deliverables:*
Exploratory documents that ensure we’ve researched and fully considered this feature at this stage of development.

- AR Interfaces
	+ Quest/Side Job
	+ Tooltip/Info Panel
	+ Vendor
- Interact prompt
- Messaging
	+ Quest objective
	+ Job objective
	+ Location
	+ Completed Quest

---

## [2019-05-06 15:15] eso

sent out to Greg, he'll add to Jira

---

## [2019-05-06 15:21] eso

added
JIRA
https://jira.zenimax.com/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1041&view=detail&selectedIssue=KES-1390

---

## [2019-05-06 16:26] eso

finished mind mapping Kestrel high concept
good refresheer - looking at several kinds of missions objectives
what other design docs were there?

---

## [2019-05-07 13:35] eso

Chatted w Dave M about his intentions for Quests/Contracts/Side Jobs. I was taking too deep of a dive in thinking about it last night. The main thing I want to convey in my sketches, the main idea is "gaze based selection" and possibly the implementation of an alternate cursor type whose position is dependent on controller movement (6-axis) rather than pressing anything.

The pillar he expressed to me was "The character is always in motion"

I was thrilled to hear him use some of my terminology from Boudaries of the interface!

---

## [2019-05-07 14:33] eso

going over Jira management w Greg & Sprung

---

## [2019-05-07 14:42] eso

make it a point to log work daily on JIRA
5h = 1 day
Use this as basis for invoicing too?

---

## [2019-05-07 15:24] eso

sketching now
then collating reference
then sketching some more
then packaging it up for presentation

---

## [2019-05-08 07:15] eso

exported 3D render examples from Unreal
testing PDF export from iPad

---

## [2019-05-08 08:34] eso

added images
some editing

---

## [2019-05-08 08:49] eso

PDF export looks fine

---

## [2019-05-08 08:58] eso

Adding material for World Space marker targeting
- you see a worldspace marker when a relevant job is nearby
	- You've already started the job
		+ As an individual
		+ As a party member
	- You previously added the job
	- Inactive job
- Looking at the World space marker activates the Job UI in the same way as looking at the Job Target

---

## [2019-05-08 12:03] eso

Document ready, exporting to PDF
Exported PDF
shared to Slack
saved to HVAULT

---

## [2019-05-09 13:30] eso

the presentation yesterday was productive, and raised some intderesting questions and pointed out some a priori assumptions which may be reasonable to pursue of abandon, depending on how this designe evolves.

I'm trying to emphasize a non-modal and immersive behavior type in which looking around the physical environment is the same as scanning it in cyberspace. Now it may be that those two activities don't overlap - whether for behavioral or narrative reasons. Its uncertain.

HZD has been my inspiration recently, and one of its strengths is how the scanning cyberspace (second sight) and observing the world are different activities. There are numerous cases where something is only achievable in the real world vs cyberspace, and vice versa. There are also some cool overlaps when looking at the real world through second sight feels like a super power.

Only more questions.

At the moment, I'm going through the screen captures and video made earlier so I can gain better insights on what I think might be termed Phases of a quest. I want to be able to identify these clearly.

---

## [2019-05-09 15:37] eso

finished going thru and collating the screen captures. look at video sequences next to better capture full scoppe of quest assignment and completion

---

## [2019-05-10 09:58] eso

chatting w Sprung in a moment
be sure to update JIRA tasks this morning

---

## [2019-05-10 10:49] eso

videochat w Ruwan and Anton about this weeks work and next week's goals
I'm stepping through Dead Space to take a look at how interactibles are handled here. Specificially:
- Mission/Jobs
- Questlines
- Loot Pickup
- Info (Tooltip)

---

## [2019-05-13 08:10] eso

I'm working on revision 2 of the Job UI
at the moment collating some leftover video previously captured from The Playroom and The Division

The goal is to be presentation ready early. So the research needs to feed into the presentation. I am wondering if I should look at powerpoint - simply because it enables 3D content

---

## [2019-05-15 12:22] eso

Exported presentation. Setting up machine for presenting

---

## [2019-05-15 14:17] eso

That went pretty well
The next step is to work on wireframing in Unreal to get a reality check on scale density and maybe progressive disclosure

---

## [2019-05-16 08:36] eso

spent the day learning Unreal, and I learned a lot
VPN is down though due to internat reconfiguration and am working with someone in IT to restore it.

---

## [2019-05-18 12:24] eso

spent yesterday studying unreal and playing Deus Ex, which I think may be a great source of reference and behavior
I collated what I've learned and how I've used Unreal over the past 2 weeks.
I decided to take a look at the Coherent Labs Middleware trial, Its called Prysm.

Already running into some dumb issues. Pysm is not prebuilt for Unreal Engine 4.22
Please build the sample game with Visual Studio before opening it in editor
Will that need to be done everytime, or once built is it good to go for everything
What version of Unreal is it built for?
Can I install trhat version?

Must install Visual Studio 2017 with C++ components

---

## [2019-05-18 14:50] eso

I installed Visual Studio, but its not obvious what to do in order to get Prysm rebuilt for the current version of Unreal

---

## [2019-05-18 15:37] eso

I spent a few hours hacking at getting the plugin installed, but no success. I sent an email to the contact at Coherent Labs requesting further assistance.

NEXT
setup workflow for exporting UI textures as PNG or PSD files and mapping them to planes in Unreal.
- is it possible to have curved planes controlled by a gradient applied to the pixel offset param - or whatever that feature was called

Review Mapping tutorials on Unreal learning site
Experiment with placing multiple textures on a single object, so they can be layered and moved & swapped in the engine

---

## [2019-05-19 12:36] eso

reviewing Unreal Material Essential COncepts tutorials

---

## [2019-05-20 08:48] eso

I recieved a new build of the Prysm plugin from Coherent labs. Quick response. Installing now

NEXT
- review UXUI v2 presentation
- set goals for v3 presentation
	+ what did you show last time
	+ what are you showing this time
- setup presentation template in powerpoint for Wednesday meeting

---

## [2019-05-20 08:54] eso

sample coherent project was built w Unreal 4.1
still needs rebuilding w current apparentlt
installation is proceeding
installation seems to have completed without previous issues
trying it out
as expected, the sample project didn't work

not seeing the plugin when I start a new project

---

## [2019-05-20 09:04] eso

attempting another (clean) install. This time was prompted to provide a projecty (.uproject) location where the plugin should be included

---

## [2019-05-20 11:49] eso

Eric reached out w some typography questions about BAM account sign in work I'd previously completed. May needx to annotyate that for him on Thursday, or reach out to the dev ditrectly

---

## [2019-05-20 17:03] eso

mapped out my thoughts and design goals in my notes. let me see if I have enough to realize visually. I'm fixating a bity on general purpose cases, or at least the case of interactive panel content vs. non-interactive panel content

New Side Job
Missing Person

Name:	Janov Pelorat
Age:	99
Height:	7'10'
Bio:	Janov Pelorat is a character in the Foundation Series of books by Isaac Asimov. The two books in which he appears are Foundation's Edge and Foundation and Earth. Pelorat is a professor of ancient history who has spent his entire life on his obsession of finding Earth, the mythical planet of human origin. He has a particular interest in myths and folklore. Janov's interest in Earth began when, at age fifteen during some indisposition, he was given a book of legends about the origin of humanity. On Terminus, Janov has collected a massive amount of data regarding the Origin Question, and is Terminus' foremost expert regarding Earth. Janov Pelorat first appears in Foundation's Edge. He is described as white-haired, of average height and weight, and moves without haste and speaks with deliberation. He is 52 years of age but appears considerably older. He has been married in the past, and has a housekeeper named Kloda.(1)

Unusual for a historian of the futuristic society he belongs to, at the time he is first mentioned, he has never left the planet Terminus. Therefore, in addition to the resources available to him from the Terminus University Library, he makes use of interlibrary loans. Such loans can make use of "hyper-radiational signals", which are not described in the stories but appear to refer to a method of transmitting information over vast distances at speeds faster than light.(1)

---

## [2019-05-20 17:43] eso

started building presentation shell in powerpoint
will export as PDF

---

## [2019-05-20 19:53] eso

completed content matrix
added to powerpoint and did some basic layout and format

---

## [2019-05-20 21:20] eso

setting up unreal project and experimenting with mapping

---

## [2019-05-20 21:50] eso

revising conmtent matrix and adding priority to each label
Pre-planning for progressive visual disclosure

---

## [2019-05-20 22:35] eso

re-ordered and re-added content matrix after ordering by priority

---

## [2019-05-20 22:35] eso

working on setting up unreal project and experimenting with some mapping methods to familiarize myself for tomorrow's woprksession

---

## [2019-05-20 23:50] eso

setup working environment with some interior geometry
setup lighting and so forth for the workspace
working in new level
will duplicate levels to make changes, which is probably not optimal, but brute force is ok too

NEXT
material and texturing tests
UI sketching
layout
export gfx

---

## [2019-05-21 11:51] eso

continuing work on setting up prohject materials and layers as defined by my prior design presentation. Getting some good results with materials in Unreal and doing so much more than I knew even yesterday

---

## [2019-05-22 07:32] eso

Yesterday was spent setting up the project, understanding the space, and experimenting with placement, scale and density

Today, I've sketched out 3 seperate sections to expose in the Job UI panel in 2-3 different methods. Working towards that goal now

P1	UI configuration 1
P1	UI configuration 2
P1	Export gfx and add to powerpoint
P1	Export Powerpoint as PDF/still images (PNG)
P2	Objective marker above target (hologram)
P2	Type & Line weight study
P3	UI configuration 3
P3	Export Unreal levels as HTML5 deliverables
P3	Upload HTML5 level to skinjester.com
P3	Share unreal work with team

LATER
- take another look at the hologram material tutorial because it provides some good insights and methods for generating content
- Update JIRA
- Organize AR/UX concept work into a Milanote board
- review email from coherent labs and setup the UI plugin for Unreal

---

## [2019-05-22 08:42] eso

completed first pass for BIO panel config 1

---

## [2019-05-22 09:09] eso

generated a few variations of the BIO section
working on Objective/Reward section

---

## [2019-05-22 09:48] eso

added measurement section
working on Objective/Reward section

---

## [2019-05-22 11:06] eso

updated stage area - some intuitive moves. The plan is to present
1 UI configuration
a type & line weight study
an example of a panel mapped on a curved surface


P1	UI configuration 1
P1	Export gfx and add to powerpoint
P1	Export Powerpoint as PDF/still images (PNG)
P2	Type & Line weight study
P2	UI configuration 2 (panel mapped to curved surface)
P3	Objective marker above target (hologram)
P3	UI configuration 3
P3	Export Unreal levels as HTML5 deliverables
P3	Upload HTML5 level to skinjester.com
P3	Share unreal work with team

---

## [2019-05-22 11:49] eso

I am not ready to present and notified the team. Continuing my work

---

## [2019-05-23 09:39] eso

spent yesterday refining the layout and some of my assumptions about the worldspace UI.
- The grid matters just as much as ever. maybe more.
- There's more there there. There's just more space available for UI in 3D than 2D elements than I'd have imagined

I was able after much research to create a material that allows placing verbose information on the floor that isn't visible until you look down (I suppose any angle of view could be made to work - not just look down). Its actually amazing that it was so simple to do and my wxperience of it feels completely natural - which is cool

GOALS
- update JIRA
- test export of current content to HTML
- finish UI config 1
- define variations
- setup unreal project containing all the variations
- install coherent labs plugin
- complete powerpoint documentation of AR/UI/V3
- 	create 3 blank pages and describe the configuration they'll show
- 	create a blank page for the More Info feature
- 	create a blank page for the Visible Grid - why is it there? why did you choose to include it
- 	create a blank page for layer anatomy
	+ 	name/annotate the layers
		* 	system
		* 	application
- create a blank page for screenshots captured during worksessions

---

## [2019-05-24 09:00] eso

I spent yesterday refining the shader for look down to see more info
I reconsidered the content matrix for a Missing Person job because I was stumbling on the layout and making it over complicated, so I analyzed several Missing persons posters to gain insights
Worked on powerpoint presentation

---

## [2019-05-24 09:02] eso

Greg sent out an email about planning for next sprint. Need to give that some thought. How can I add value? What are the next steps as a team. I felt that going wide the way we did was a good warm-up for thinking about the project, but that other than my own work I'm not so clear about how to realize any of it in a product. So my feeling is that we should go deep. Not necessarily on the aspects of the game we've been woprking on, but on some of the bread and butter stuff
- menus
- map
- Mission log
- loading screens
- game icon & identity

---

## [2019-05-24 09:04] eso

Spending the morning working through tutorials on Unreal blueprints. My hope is that I can show the UI config emerge upon approaching it, and go away upon withrawal. What would I need to know to do this?

HOW TO ANIMATE IN UNREAL
- transition in for UI elements
- transition out for UI elements

WHAT ARE THE PERSITENT ELEMENTS
- Basically, what does the Missing Person poster look like by default?

---

## [2019-05-24 09:33] eso

download Observation for PS4 later today

---

## [2019-05-24 10:33] eso

Downloaded Observation for PS4
starting on blueprint tutorials
cloned my unreal project to rename it and see how that works

---

## [2019-05-26 22:52] eso

working on building presentation layouts
refined hologram material to look more ethereal
added test interaction for visible grid so that its not visible at all until you enter the region

---

## [2019-05-27 00:06] eso

generated cube w flipped normals in Blender for visible grid element
trying a sphere as well

---

## [2019-05-27 09:41] eso

continuing to build congiguration1
learned how to trigger behavior in one blueprint from another, so various parts of the layout can show/hide when entering the interaction volume

---

## [2019-05-27 18:20] eso

almost finished w config0 (draft)
will iterate and document w screen capture from there
- add bank records panel
- try marquee for Missing Person subtitle
FIND DR. JANOV PELORAT /

NEXT
- build 2nd configuration to examine framing content
- add interactions to show/hide PAN/OS elements

---

## [2019-05-28 08:11] eso

continuing to refine the project file
- what's missing?
- can you export this to HTML5 ?

---

## [2019-05-28 09:04] eso

we'll be planning the sprint at the Wednesday meeting so any presentation needs to be abbreviated, and I think the idea of sharing the ongoing work in an HTML deployment is a great idea, which speaks to the approach I like to take of making gains in foundational areas. There is often a "chicken and egg" aspect to the order of operations when working on a project at a foundational level. I can easily get myself in a weird loop thinking about it that way and prefer to take an approach in which answers questions experientally and procedurally.

I think its important to summarize what I've l;earned from the current design exercise
- How to lay out UI elements with a consitent scale and desity in a 3 D environment
- Went from knowing nothing about Unreal to feeling somewhat comfortable using the tools as a sketchbook
- Found a way to present design work so you can experience it using a game controller
- Studied and implemented non-modal interactions with an AR environment projected into Worldspace like a hologram
- Refined Player interactions for simple interactions with a Side Job
- Discovered that AR has a voice and demonstrated relationships between:
	- the Public voice (what the public sees)
	- PAN's voices
		- The Application Layer (Revenant utilities and privileged info)
		- The System layer (Visible Grid, System status)
In general, the Public Face of AR is noisy. All available space can be used for advertising. something like a "Missing Person" poster can easily be lost in the noise. Approaching these objectives as a revenant provides a clear and actionable view of the mission and the player gets access to PAN's archives (the real story)
- Conceptualized The Boundaries of the Interface - a scheme for understanding where information can be represented and why
- I used this work as the basis for my AR framework design

---

## [2019-05-28 12:24] eso

Greg sent out an invite for Kestrel Team sprint presentation this Friday. This is seperate from the UX conference call presentation tomorrow.

---

## [2019-05-28 12:43] eso

looking at HTML deploy. Apparently was previously building a development version which only uses uncrompressed assets totalling 1GB (shich is a large download). trying a shipping build w allows compression

---

## [2019-05-28 13:34] eso

It appears that serving up a compressed version from skinjester.com requires some server config to specify the MIME type correctly

---

## [2019-05-28 13:39] eso

asttempting same from syntheticaf.com

---

## [2019-05-28 13:44] eso

same issue. will fix later

---

## [2019-05-28 14:28] eso

the exported project is showingthe wrong level

---

## [2019-05-28 14:56] eso

I set the correct level to load but the project crashes after download.
taking a closer look at the project and to address the warning that the build process has shown

---

## [2019-05-28 15:57] eso

cleaning up the project
considering trying to build an executable if the web is looking flaky

---

## [2019-05-28 17:43] eso

tested windows export, and seems valid - although it generates a folder structure rather than a single file - as any application would I suppose
Uncompressed HTML deliverable is working with significantly cleaned up project.
Hologram shader is messed up

---

## [2019-05-28 17:53] eso

will run a final test for MacOS to see if the holo shader works there too
Testing the hologram mesh to see if thats the problem
yes, its the mesh

---

## [2019-05-29 02:05] eso

I've made a number of presentational edits and cleanup
just tested windows.exe build and it works as expected
testing same on macbook running parallels

---

## [2019-05-29 02:20] eso

unsurprisingly it crashes in paralells after installing some dependencies. Ask someone at ZOS to test on their PC before sharing w UXTEAM

---

## [2019-05-29 04:14] eso

presentation build is ready
now I just have to describe it briefly

---

## [2019-05-29 07:36] eso

capturing images for presentation

---

## [2019-05-29 07:56] eso

transferred prototype to hvault and seeing if Slack will take the upload as well. Asked David to test for me

---

## [2019-05-29 08:05] eso

success . David is able to run it, says its super slick :)

---

## [2019-05-29 08:30] eso

shared prototype + installation and usage instructions to  kestrel-ux-team

---

## [2019-05-29 10:09] eso

captured screenshots for powerpoint
collating those into sections now

---

## [2019-05-29 10:58] eso

assembling power(point. Keeping it simple w some eye candy provided.
shared video captures

---

## [2019-05-29 12:33] eso

finished the powerpoint doc
exporting as PDF

---

## [2019-05-29 12:39] eso

ready to present
dont forget to listen more than you speak

---

## [2019-05-30 19:54] eso

testing export to S3
us-west-2
[REDACTED_AWS_ACCESS_KEY]
[REDACTED_AWS_SECRET_KEY]
[REDACTED]
viz

---

## [2019-05-30 21:23] eso

success! I was able to publish shippable (compressed) build to HTML using
AWS S3 bucket. Significantly reduced filesize. The asset I'm using for the hologram just doesn't render properly, but maybe I can find something else that does?

---

## [2019-05-31 11:35] eso

working on revised level for the AR/UI viz
created a new arena with alcoves of different sizes to test various approaches
I am also hoping to enable some animations for transition in/out to build upon prior design work

---

