# Raw Entries for March 2019

**Total Entries:** 78
**Projects:** deepdreamvisionquest, eso, spirit animal

---

## [2019-03-01 13:04] eso

some further detail on site structure for Eagle site

HEADER: Key art + Sign-up / Play Free Now (region / timing dependent). Potentially animated – depends on size/load time. 

Section 1 – News (this may need to move lower on the page during soft launch when there’s less happening)  

Section 2 - IP Focus  
feature E3 2D animated trailer  
- Keen is back  
- history of Keen 

Section 3 - What is this game? (1 of 2)  
- define the genre  
- showcase "how to play" video  
- soda/energy
- timely
- tactical
- on-the-go  
- lightly touch on PVP/PVE 

Section 4 - What is this game? (2 of 2)  
build your deck / collect gadget  
Hero powers 

Section 5 - PVE  

Section 6- PVP  

Section 7 - Social

---

## [2019-03-01 14:11] eso

sent meeting request to Lee & Doug for next week to review Crown Store design docs

---

## [2019-03-03 15:41] eso

finishing up PC postpurchase recommend layout

---

## [2019-03-03 16:13] eso

completed postpurchase recommendation document, starting on Recommendation in Storefront Design. As I've had time to think about this, I don't feel it needs to be a seperate page - but rather needs to be incorporated into the Featured Product Page, whicgh gets renamed "My Crown Store"

---

## [2019-03-04 17:58] eso

working on 1st pass editorial for My Crown STore page design document

x 1st Pass Editorial in Confluence
x Validate layout for PC graphic
- Export PC graphic
- Export gamepad graphic
- Construct gamepad graphic

---

## [2019-03-04 22:14] eso

fleshed out editorial on My Crown Store page further. Will need a few more passes to capture the design. Shofting focus to layout of PC page and applying that to gamepad page. eta 2h

---

## [2019-03-05 09:04] eso

meeting w Doug & Lee postponed until tomorrow am.
continuing My Crown Store design

---

## [2019-03-06 09:38] eso

updating the gamepad version of My Crown Store. Ready to present to Lee & Doug shortly

---

## [2019-03-06 11:53] eso

Eagle content plan here:

---

## [2019-03-07 11:01] deepdreamvisionquest

I've been doing a lot of rendering style transfer work with the intent of collating the settings used in the scripts with the images to provide a parameter reference for my workshop documentation. When is that analysis going to happen?

---

## [2019-03-07 11:01] spirit animal

I've been doing a lot of rendering style transfer work with the intent of collating the settings used in the scripts with the images to provide a parameter reference for my workshop documentation. When is that analysis going to happen?

---

## [2019-03-07 11:07] eso

collate examples of sign in and account creation
How is this done on other Bethesda properties

Blades
https://bethesda.net/en/play/blades

Fallout Shelter
How does Fallout Shelter do this?

---

## [2019-03-07 11:10] eso

take a look at how eric is organizing the Egle project on Confluence, and apply this to Crwon Store work

DEPARTMENTS
1	STATUS/DOING	FEATURES OWNED
2
3

FEATURES
1 FEATURE	ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA
2
3

---

## [2019-03-07 16:32] deepdreamvisionquest

I had lunch with Ron at INSEEC SF, and we've started a conversation He invited me to beta test the Image Garden workshop for the various cohorts that run through the program there. Having lunch w Marianne next week.

---

## [2019-03-07 16:32] spirit animal

I had lunch with Ron at INSEEC SF, and we've started a conversation He invited me to beta test the Image Garden workshop for the various cohorts that run through the program there. Having lunch w Marianne next week.

---

## [2019-03-10 17:31] eso

BAM Sign-In Page Redesign
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/EP/BAM+Sign-in+Page+Redesign

My design doc
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/EP/BAM+Sign-In+Design+Notes

Problem:

---

## [2019-03-11 11:39] eso

capturing notes and screenshots from BAM website

---

## [2019-03-11 16:54] eso

continuing to capture notes from website and confluence requirements
Building out Material Design based textfield component w states

---

## [2019-03-12 17:37] eso

Continuing to work on BAM sign in
I've identified main visual issues for existing and will need to provide wireframe and mockups

What's are the main beats?
- standardized area for 3rd party login
- simplified form layout
- reduced verbiage
- better error handling
- better page presentation for legibility

---

## [2019-03-12 17:45] eso

getting the confluence doc started.

---

## [2019-03-12 22:22] eso

Finishing 1st draft of Problem Summary section

---

## [2019-03-12 23:25] eso

Added examples from my notes to illustrate the "Too Dense" problem statement

---

## [2019-03-13 00:28] eso

Added examples from my notes to illustrate the "Multiple login options" problem statement

---

## [2019-03-13 00:39] eso

capturing use cases from Rockstar sign in, especially liking the way sign in options and account linking is handled here

---

## [2019-03-13 01:30] eso

I've completed 1st pass editorial on the design document and created each section

NEXT
P1 wireframe Sign In form
P1 wireframe Create Account
P1 Confluence documentation
	x Design Principles + Examples
	x Annotated critique of existing
	- wireframes
P2 wireframe Link Account
P2 Review with Eric
P3 visual design Sign In form (1200px)
P3 visual design Create Account Form (1200px)
P3 Responsive page template

---

## [2019-03-13 08:18] eso

setting up page header, footer, panel for wireframes

---

## [2019-03-13 09:28] eso

completed 1st pass wireframe layout for Sign-In form

---

## [2019-03-13 10:08] eso

Completed wireframe for Sign-in form, Some emergent layouts though
P1 Show filled in form
P2 Help me find my account
P2 I forgot my password

---

## [2019-03-13 10:37] eso

completed wireframe for Accoubnt linking form
starting on create account form

---

## [2019-03-13 11:10] eso

completed basic layout for account creation. Will need to show different states:
- dropdown menu
- userID rules
- error messages
- check user ID availability

NEXT
x export wireframes to confluence doc
- construct filled-in states for the wireframes
- callout additional tasks in description
- discuss w Eric

---

## [2019-03-13 12:51] eso

waiting for Eric to become available
- updated Sign in wireframe
- added filled-in Sign In wireframe

---

## [2019-03-13 13:04] eso

added Universal Navigation section showing changes to menu labels

---

## [2019-03-13 13:23] eso

refining Account linking behavior when reached from Account Creation

---

## [2019-03-13 13:43] eso

added sections for additional Account Ctreation use cases
I'm a bit fuzzy on linking to a 1st Party service upon Account Creation, but will ask for guidance on this. At the moment, I'm just mimicing the Epic Games model

---

## [2019-03-13 13:49] eso

actually for expendience and simplicity, I'm going to exclude the account linking on creation and save that for discussion w Eric.

---

## [2019-03-13 14:38] eso

meeting w Eric in a moment. ready to present

---

## [2019-03-13 15:52] eso

Designs reviewed well w Eric. Detailed feedback session
P1 create wireframe for Help Me choose a UserID
P1 create wireframe for Error Messages
P2 include First Party linking on Account Creation
	+ create Linked Account creation form which is a hybrid of Account Creation and Account Linking
	+ Any required personal information is prefilled
		* does it need to be shown at all?
	+ shows profile badge
		* canceling takes you back to Acct Creation
	+ work on messaging to clearly explain what's happening here
P3 create section showing use case for corollary of account linking on BAM
	+ This is the case where the account is linked on the 1st Party site
	+ Use Steam as an example
P3 add branding element to forms
P3 Invert contrast to show these elements in "Night Mode"

---

## [2019-03-14 08:26] eso

x follow up w Tim Schroeder on Crown Store 2.0
- read Kestrel documentation
- follow up w Jared on Kestrel
- prepare a list of talking points for Ben when he visits next week
- update BAM sign in and account creation w Eric's feedback
x meet w Eric to go over Eagle registration page
	- https://jira.zenimax.com/browse/WEB-1911

---

## [2019-03-15 12:00] eso

continuing work on BAM sign in and Account Creation
P1 create wireframe for Help Me choose a UserID
P1 create wireframe for Error Messages

---

## [2019-03-15 12:16] eso

finished wireframe for help me choose (userID rules)

---

## [2019-03-15 12:40] eso

realizing that the error messaging section will be more detailed than anticipated. mostly having to do with the USerID. Best to call UserID creation as a seperate section

---

## [2019-03-15 12:44] eso

added CHECK AVAILABILITY label, need to update Account Creation gfx on Confluence

---

## [2019-03-17 16:57] eso

reorganized confluence doc
added detail to UserID and Password data entry w additional wireframes

---

## [2019-03-18 09:31] eso

starting on Eagle registration form today in contentful
- track down conversation history arond this subject
- what is the contentful link?
- state the problem, then state the solution

---

## [2019-03-18 15:02] eso

spoke w Eric about sign-in form
- create hybrid Link acct/Account creation form
- move captcha to lower side edge of screen as in recaptcha v3 spec
- create dark color variation of all existing

---

## [2019-03-18 15:47] eso

from Eric:
If you went to sign into BAM using a third party that wasn't linked (in this case don't we need a create account option below the sign in form?

If I attempted to sign-in to BAM with using a


Also, maybe we should modify the title copy to say link your account or create a new one or something like that?  If they do choose to create an account, seems like we need an account creation page that shows the linked 3rd party up top.

---

## [2019-03-18 16:44] eso

nmaking some modifications to the help me choose a User ID
It shouldnt be opt-in
It should behave like the password rules
this messaging and the password messaging should be hidden when the field is no longer focused
	- Any error conditions remain applied to the field

---

## [2019-03-19 00:48] eso

that took longer than expected. Iterated further on data entry events and messaging for UserID. Very simplified workflow removes requirement to manually "check availability" of a userID. Follows example set by BNET, although BNET shows this information in a tooltip when the field is focused
x export updated gfx states to confluence
x export updated Create Account to confluence
x update editorial for UserID data entry in confluence

---

## [2019-03-19 02:35] eso

updated confluence w 0109 design spec for all use cases
updated editorial text to support gfx

NEXT
- apply visual design layer to wireframes

---

## [2019-03-19 09:45] eso

reviewed Kestrel material in preparation for lunch w Ben Jones later

---

## [2019-03-19 10:09] eso

working on visual design for acct creation & sign in

---

## [2019-03-19 11:13] eso

making progress on visual design - adding screenshots of bnetm, etc for sizing reference

---

## [2019-03-19 11:58] eso

built out sign in form basics in all viewports

NEXT
apply visual design rules & coloring

---

## [2019-03-19 13:57] eso

starting visual design worksession

SIGN IN TO YOUR ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE ACCOUNT

---

## [2019-03-20 08:11] eso

shared existing sign in/acct creation work w Eric. He likes. I need to paginate the account creation form however to prevent it from becoming too dense. Also a defensive design move to enabkle incorporating the legal text into the form. Same pattern used by BNET

---

## [2019-03-20 11:25] eso

rebuilding acct creation as paginated series after figuring iout where the layout goes

---

## [2019-03-22 11:32] eso

some surgical changes in response to Eric;'s feedback & subsequent intense discussion. I don't feel they're an improvement really - but this is what the customer is requesting

---

## [2019-03-23 13:52] eso

updating confluence w revised gfx from yesterday's edits

---

## [2019-03-25 11:19] eso

new tasks (will discuss w Eric)
https://jira.zenimax.com/browse/WEB-1838

---

## [2019-03-25 15:44] eso

KESTREL Priorities
(these were provided to Sprung Studios)
Our Priorities for Sprung:
1.How do we ground a 3rd Person camera with an AR HUD?
2.How is AR represented in the world space?
a.How far do we want to go with AR?
Is it connected to everything?
3.General HUD: Layout, Component Visibility
	a.Component Visual Treatments (Compass, Abilities, Weapons, etc.)
		i.How minimal can we go with the HUD given our core mechanics (Can inactive items be automatically hidden?)
		ii.POTENTIAL RULE: All UI elements are context sensitive and our goal is minimalism and clutter-free presentation
		iii.Is there an approach we can take to the compass bar that’s more suited to our vertical world?
	b.Secondary HUD Treatment (How buttons, interact prompts and instructions are represented on screen)
4.Visual Style Guide for HUD
5.How is AR represented on weapons?
6.Ability Usage
7.Main Menu (Apartment) Treatment *
8.Focus Fire and Ambush Mechanics
9.Side Job Presentation Treatment (Wanted Poster, Courier)
10.Weapons Vendor Advertisement

REQUIRES ADDITIONAL DESIGN DOCUMENTATION
Open Questions:
What can we (ZOS) provide Sprung to help them solve, or at least dig into, those problems? What do we want to have solidified in advance of moving into Full Production?

---

## [2019-03-25 16:15] eso

I made the fix to the header image on the studio site, but seeing server issues when I attempt to view the page on staging. Exceeded rate limit apparently. Will try again shortly
https://stage.zenimaxonline.com/

Continuing on the BAM Purchase Flow work Eric mentioned.
There's hot to be a better way to do the paneled bkg on these screens?
He also wants to see the CTAs replaced w green flavor I used on sign in form

---

## [2019-03-25 16:33] eso

create  KESTREL-UX-INSPIRATION channel
	- give it a better/cooler working title
		+  KESTREL-SF-UI-INSPIRE
Follow up w Ben & Jared on Kestrel project
BAM visual design updates
	- ask Eric to create JIRA tasks
		- post account creation
		- product purchase
	- Tech review for Account Sign in & Creation
		+ what's missing
		+ discuss error handling
		+ discuss error cases I should cover
explore 3D prototyping methods
- motion tracking video in AE
- Unity
- Unreal
- Touch Designer

---

## [2019-03-25 17:33] eso

wrapping up this worksession by making a map of BAM related page design updates for Eric that are peripheral to acct sign-in/creation

---

## [2019-03-26 10:23] eso

seems like Eric just wants me to redefine the buttons on the BAM pages
created  kestrel-ux-blog channel. Goingto prepopulate w some content and then invite Jared & Ben.

---

## [2019-03-27 14:01] eso

starting post account workflow session shortly. Eric has provuided me with a good range of the email templates we use here
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=EP&title=BAM+System+Emails

---

## [2019-03-27 17:08] eso

NEXT
- store CSS edits locally
- framing
- buttons, buttons, buttons

---

## [2019-03-28 08:54] eso

https://jira.zenimax.com/issues/?filter=-1
starting worksession. focusing on buttons and content panel.
I'm going to see if I can set up a local folder and do my edits in-browser

---

## [2019-03-28 09:50] eso

I've setup local filesystem to persist my in-browser edits
Don't forget to specify post account creation error handling though.
- Please check your email to complete registration
- account activation email sent
- account activation success
- account activation failure

---

## [2019-03-28 10:21] eso

cleaned up the confluence doc for easier reading

---

## [2019-03-28 16:32] eso

body  content-primary {
    padding: 30px 0;
}

 full-page-div {
    padding: 30px 0;
}

---

## [2019-03-28 18:51] eso

BAM lists Pragmatica web as the 1st entry in the font stack, but I;m not seeing any fontface references to this in the code.
font-family: "pragmatica-web", "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;

on this machine, it's using Arial
I'm going to see if I can substitute a google font in as a body font and will check w dev to see if Pragmatica web exists

---

## [2019-03-29 08:43] eso

Eagle website
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/services/Eagle+Website+Mockups

In the next week I want to:
play & study Dead Space
play & study Dead Space 2 (what changed between this and v1)
play and study Horizon Zero Dawn
capture PS4 UI highlights
annotate & collate game studies
create Kestrel mindmap
contact Ben Jones/Jared/Greg to discuss studio meeting agenda
work on agenda for studio meeting w Greg Donovan
have finalized travel arrangements sent to me
Unity tutorials & play
Unreal tutorials & play
Touch Designer tutorials & play

---

## [2019-03-29 09:50] eso

travel is going through finance. Spoke w Greg about setting an agenda, and added him to  kestrel-ux-blog. He mentioned setting up a seperate contract for this project

---

## [2019-03-29 15:42] eso

here is my CSS changelist

h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,.h1,.h2,.h3,.h4,.h5,.h6 {
    font-family: pragmatica,"Helvetica Neue",Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;
    font-weight: 400;
}

.btn {
    color:  ffffff;
    text-align: center;
    letter-spacing: 0;
    text-decoration: none;
    outline: 0;
    text-transform: uppercase;
}

.btn.btn-default {
    background:  009933;
    border-radius: 2px;
    border: none;
    font-size: 13px;
    font-family: pragmatica, serif;
    font-style: normal;
    height: 36px;
    letter-spacing: 1.8px;
    font-weight: 700;
    text-shadow: -1px -1px 2px rgba(0,0,0,0.3);
}

.btn.btn-default:hover,.btn.btn-default.hover {
    background:  009933;
    color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.82)
}

.btn.btn-default:active,.btn.btn-default.active {
    background:  009933;
    color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.82)
}

.btn.btn-default:focus,.btn.btn-default.focus {
    background:  009933;
    color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.82)
}

.btn.btn-default.disabled,.btn.btn-default(disabled) {
    background:  009933;
    color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.82)
}

 eu_cookie {
    background-color:  000;
    font-family: pragmatica, "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
    background:  1e1e1e;
    font-size: 14px;
    cursor: default;
    border: 1px solid rgba(255,255,255,0.5);
    line-height: 26px;
    margin-bottom: 20px
}

 full-page-div {
    color:  fff;
    font-size: 14px;
    cursor: default;
    padding: 40px 0;
}

body {
    font-family: pragmatica, "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
    background:  1e1e1e;
    color:  fff;
    font-size: 14px;
    cursor: default;
    padding-top: 70px
}

body  content-primary {
    font-family: pragmatica,serif;
    min-height: 545px;
    background: url(https://zossg-a.akamaihd.net/assets/backgrounds/primary_bg_fallback-b78dd175ebef370478b2e9dccb63ca09.png);
    background-repeat: repeat;
    background: rgba(0,0,0,0.86);
    margin-left: auto;
    margin-right: auto;
    margin-top: 0px;
    padding: 40px 0;
    box-shadow: 0px 0px 32px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.4);
    border-radius: 3px;
}

body  content-primary-trial {
    font-family: pragmatica, "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
    min-height: 545px;
    margin-left: auto;
    margin-right: auto;
    margin-top: 0px;
    padding: 15px 0
}

body  content-primary-error {
    font-family: pragmatica, "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
    text-align: center;
    margin: auto
}

body {
        background-color:  000;
        background-repeat: no-repeat;
        background-position: top center;
        background-size: cover;
        padding: 50px 0 0 0;
        zoom:1}

@media (min-width: 768px) {
    body {
        background-image: url(http://skinjester.com/img-host/environment.jpg);
        background-attachment: fixed;
        background-size: cover;
        padding: 0;
    }

.shop .products .product .product-image {
    padding: 8px;
    text-align: center;
    min-height: 210px;
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
    background-size: 94%;
    background-position: center;
}

.shop .products .product .product-info .product-title {
    color:  b8a779;
    padding-bottom: 4px;
    font-family: pragmatica,sans-serif;
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: 400;
}

p.media-type {
    margin-bottom: 0px !important;
}

.price p {
    margin-bottom: 0px !important;
}

 shop-show-product  product-details p {
    margin: 0;
    margin-bottom: 20px;
}

 shop-show-product  product-details h2 {
    position: relative;
    min-height: 1px;
    padding-left: 15px;
    padding-right: 15px;
    font-size: 32px;
    text-transform: none;
    line-height: 1.2;
    float: right;
}

 shop-show-product  product-details .price strong {
    font-size: 35px;
    color:  fff;
    font-weight: 700;

}

 shop-show-product  product-details .details-body {
    position: relative;
    float: left;
    width: 66.6666666667%;
    min-height: 1px;
    padding-left: 15px;
    padding-right: 15px;
    margin-bottom: 10px;
}

 shop-show-product  product-details .details-body .details {
    position: relative;
    min-height: 1px;
    padding-left: 15px;
    padding-right: 15px;
    padding-top: 10px;
    padding-left: 0px;
    clear: both;
    font-size: 14px;
    line-height: 1.6;
    word-wrap: break-word;
}

 shop-show-product  product-details .details-body .details strong {
    font-size: 14px;
    text-transform: uppercase;
}

@media (min-width: 992px) {
     shop-show-product  product-details .details-body .controls .btn {
        width:auto;
        padding: 6px 28px
    }
}

---

## [2019-03-29 16:02] eso

I will apply these changes to these 2 pages
https://account.elderscrollsonline.com/account/edit
https://account.elderscrollsonline.com/store/billing-address

I will restyle the form using browser screenshot to show new field specification in this context

---

## [2019-03-29 16:42] eso

oh nice. the BAM overrides local CSS updated the Account Edit page all on its own :)

---

## [2019-03-30 11:35] eso

constructing medium fidelity mockup for My Account page
I've incorporated yesterday's work on Alerts here

---

## [2019-03-30 12:26] eso

added the Account Edit mockup to Confluence, which includes an example of Info Alert box and option buttons.
Added stub section for Alerts and Button states
Updated the AX doc w button specifications

---

