# Raw Entries for July 2019

**Total Entries:** 103
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2019-07-01 07:19] eso

spending a bit of time seeing if I can deconstruct the cyberpunk city design into some smaller parts for setting the stage. 1h

---

## [2019-07-01 08:08] eso

taking a look at the Unreal Soul City sample, which also has a mobile specific map

---

## [2019-07-01 08:21] eso

this message appears in the output log though.
warning: file packager is creating an asset bundle of 1071 MB. this is very large, and browsers might have trouble loading it.

This also thhough
Build configuration is Shipping, so not compressing. Build Shipping configuration to compress files to save space.
UATHelper: Packaging (HTML5): ********** PACKAGE COMMAND COMPLETED **********

Chrome fails w this size package

---

## [2019-07-01 09:37] eso

able to export the level and run in browser but game controller input not working properly. Trying firefox

works fine in firefox. Kind of incredible really. Trying one last set of options for Chrome deliverable

---

## [2019-07-01 10:47] eso

Final destrmination is that if I use this level for staging, it can be distributed through chrome or Firefox, and keyboard & mouse nav will work fine, but game controller will only work on Firefox

---

## [2019-07-01 11:32] eso

having some trouble w HTML export of my test level. Need to address this

---

## [2019-07-01 13:09] eso

verified rich level (soul city demo) with my focus by gaze and UMG worldspace widgets functioning as expected. Works fine in Firefox. Mouse and keyboard only in Chrome

---

## [2019-07-03 07:19] eso

getting material ready for presentation at 1245 conference call. I've updated the presentation doc to include my talking points. I'll be switching back and forth between powerpoint and Unreal to show my work in progress

- View Controller layout and gfx
- Objective Profle layout and gfx
	+ create dedicated keybind to show/hide Objective profile
- Objective Marker layout and gfx
	+ replace marker widget with updated images
- Interact Prompt layout and gfx
	+ replace one marker widget with the Interact Prompt

ETA 4h

---

## [2019-07-03 08:28] eso

I'm going to defer the presentation today. Not ready. Need at least 1 day to complete immediate tasks. Unhappy about it, but the bigger picture is still relevant. Will miss sprint planning as well, so need to prepare my thoughts and speak w Greg after the July 4th break about next steps

- prepare thoughts about this sprint and the next sprint
- prepare ZOS invoice

---

## [2019-07-04 09:01] eso

I'm studying the metrics of UI from The Division. I untransformed the 3D transform to get a baseline for:
ASPECT RATIO
TYPE HIERARCHY
FONT SIZE
WRAPPER SIZES

---

## [2019-07-08 07:39] eso

preparing ZOS invoice

today's goal is to finish UI layout for View Controller and also the Objective Marker gfx

---

## [2019-07-08 08:11] eso

Sprint 12 is active
ends 7/23
15 working days

GARY WORK/STORIES
- Continue exploring AR as a general theme in Kestrel

NEXT
spend some time thinking about Sprint goals
- an additional objective is to incorporate Spung's work on compass and party widget into the unreal visualization
- get playable KESTREL vuild as detailed in message for playtest

KESTREL build intsallation instructions
Note that you want to go to:
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/KES/Getting+the+Prototype
for instruction on install.
When you install:
Note you will need a controller, and make sure you get all of the correct bindings.
The picture shows 3 binding changes but don’t skip the steps:
•
•	B → Boost
•	HOLD X → Interact/Drop (this will trigger Grapple Release, and Drop from Jut and Ledges)
•	The background of the button will turn white w/black text.
•	LT → Aim
•	Additional changes not in image:
•	Toggle Mount: Change R to Left Bumper(LB) → Grapple
•	Weapon Swap: Bind to PRESS X for Reload.
•	Weapon Selector Advance: Bind to Right Stick Press

---

## [2019-07-10 13:54] eso

NEXT
spend some time thinking about Sprint goals
- an additional objective is to incorporate Spung's work on compass and party widget into the unreal visualization
- get playable KESTREL build as detailed in message for playtest
- get proxy icons from Sprung
- update JIRA
- export KUX0604 to //hvault and local archive

---

## [2019-07-12 09:50] eso

updating JIRA

---

## [2019-07-12 10:27] eso

updated JIRA
hvault is down unable to transfer KUX0604 materials
downloaded PSD that Keyan sent

---

## [2019-07-12 12:15] eso

hvault is back up.
use the full network path in Explorer though to access it:

\\hvault.obj.dev.zos\Projects\Kestrel

---

## [2019-07-13 09:52] eso

updating my presentation archive on hvault
updated JIRA

---

## [2019-07-14 11:39] eso

strategy and planning for KUX0610 presentation.

---

## [2019-07-14 18:18] eso

ask Ruwan for copy of his presentation to use as reference for Objective Profile design

---

## [2019-07-14 19:39] eso

asked Keyan for flat version of the HUD comp he sent over so I can distort it myself in Unreal

---

## [2019-07-14 19:45] eso

The areas I've identified to iterate on are:
RETICLE + INTERAACT PROMPT
OBJECTIVE PROFILE w PROGRESSIVE REVEAL
VISUAL REFINEMENT tO OBJECTIVE MARKET NEARBY STATE
ADD SPRUNG HUD COMP TO UNREAL PROJECT AS OVERLAY

---

## [2019-07-15 06:33] eso

started chat w Jared about the Tales from the Borderland gameplay he mentioned previously
Expecting follow up later:
- Ruwan (UX doc for side missions)
- Keyan (flat version of HUD PSD that was sent to me)

---

## [2019-07-15 06:57] eso

introduced myself to Roy McCormack who is a new game designer on the team

---

## [2019-07-15 07:26] eso

Roy sent me an interesting reference for a spatial UI called "Solar Wheels". Its a cool idea and very much inline with progressive disclosure on approach. It intrioduces something I hadn't really thought about too much - how information transforms on approach. You aren't seeing more - you're drilling in and seeing less in greater detail.
https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/1f94/6c109c6d86a7b4183b00d23a096670175f05.pdf
https://vimeo.com/72357002

I also like the presentation style. Its just simple motion graphics but conveys intent well and concisely without too much effort on the production value or realism of the UI

---

## [2019-07-15 07:29] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
finished reviewing SolarWheels UX concept
updating Interactive Visualization slide with proper URL
Setting up Unreal to show HUD overlay on demand

---

## [2019-07-15 09:14] eso

WHAT ARE yOU DOING RIGHT NOW
Saving Ruwan's UX doc for later reference
processing Keyan's HUD PSD for export to Unreal

---

## [2019-07-15 09:20] eso

note that the View Controller shaders arent supported in the HTML5 export. Need to hide/disable that for purposes of KUX0610 export

---

## [2019-07-15 10:54] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Working through tutorial to place parabolic HUD - interestingly this uses the retainer box technique that I was studying last week

---

## [2019-07-15 11:13] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Figuring out why the parablic HUD isnt parabolic.
Oh there we  go - its working now. Interesting
Problem is ints drawing to fill the entire screen and not the camera aspect ratio

---

## [2019-07-15 12:20] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Fine tuning HUD overlay and preparing to send sample over to Keyan. I don't think the HTML5 render captures the HUD shader correctly though. As it appears much darker than what I'm seeing in engine

---

## [2019-07-15 12:43] eso

Finished adding HUD overlay to prototype and captured video of it working in-engine.
NEXT
- export screenshots for presentation and promote that slide to Ready

---

## [2019-07-15 15:22] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Finishing some testing for HUD overlay in HTML export. I don't think the visual works in that context. But I do want to show it off. Maybe instead - apply to worldspace UMG widget attached to camera, and set curvature on the component?

---

## [2019-07-15 16:21] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING NOW
Still working on HUD overlay and need to wrap this up, but making some progress by modifying the alpha channel in Unreal texture tool

---

## [2019-07-16 08:46] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Consolidating and reviewing the sketches I made yesterday. I'll turn this review into slides

---

## [2019-07-16 11:45] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW
Looking at previous work for objective profile layout reference
transcribing my section notes to powerpoint

---

## [2019-07-16 15:23] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
Completed Proximity slide w diagrams and annotation
Continuing to transcribe my Notes to Powerpoint

---

## [2019-07-16 16:11] eso

12H remaining to completion
WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
Transcribing my notes about the Objective Profile to Powerpoint
THEN

---

## [2019-07-16 17:23] eso

10.5H remaining to completion
completed transcribing my notes to Powerpoint and created presentation draft

NEXT
- Identify tasks associated with Unreal production
	+ how will you build the assets for gfx export?
	+ progressive reveal shows information building on approach
		* objective profile
		* worldspace
	+ use beam particle system to connect two points
	+ attach aperture gfx to 3rd person camera space
	+ UMG widgets or texture mapped polygons?
	+ travelling profile
		* attach profile to aperture in camera space
	+ stationary profile
		* attach profile to world vector as UMG widget always facing camera
- Finish sketching
	+ Objective profile layout
- Unreal asset production

---

## [2019-07-16 20:40] eso

8H remaining to completion
WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
I was about to take a deeper dive into creating a line with a beam particle effect, and am thinking better of that. Surely I can paint in the lines in Photoshop afterwards and set it up the way I want it later. Would be a great introduction to the particle system which I haven't used yet, but not tonight! :)

---

## [2019-07-16 20:52] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
importing HOLOVFX library to KUX0510 to see if this can save time constructing the radial panel beneath the objectice, or provide some visual inspiration

---

## [2019-07-17 07:24] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHt NOW
I'm building the UI config in Unreal and adding pieces as I go
Right now I'm examining what the use case for stationary profile looks like in the engine.

---

## [2019-07-17 11:51] eso

starting screen capture sequence
the unreal screencaptrure command doesnt capture my UMG overlays. why? doing this by hand is going to take a while.

---

## [2019-07-17 12:15] eso

actually did not take too long. wrapping up screencaptures now

---

## [2019-07-17 12:32] eso

OK. Ready to present. Not as detailed in UX as expected, but I think the demonstration is a good step forward.

---

## [2019-07-18 09:47] eso

I captured feedback in detail during the presentation and Roy was kind enough to provide a detailed writeup on Slack, copied here:

	Roy McCormack (05:38)
	I took a few notes in yesterday's meeting that I didn't get a chance to cover. As always there was a lot of good stuff presented.

	First, regarding Keyan's UI mockups:
	I like the idea of there being lanes on which information flows in, It feels like a good way to reduce the work needed on the player's part to center attention on the new info, process it quickly and refocus on their prior goal or find a new one.

	I agree with Gary that thinking of each component of the screen space UI as its own element could yield good benefits. For one I like the potential to connect each element to something in world space in a way that doesn't look clunky.

	Couple of notes on Anton's weapon customization screens:

	I was wondering if L1 and R1 might not be permitted to context switch what weapon you are looking at once you've dug a layer or two deep into the mod menus?

	Re. auto-select based on parameters:
	One thing to note is that some weapon types may change quite drastically based on mods in very different ways than other weapon types. This complicates any kind of auto-selection helper system quite a bit.
	It is also worth considering that we are looking at lower enemy counts with deeper enemy variety where individual enemies present more unique challenges.

	It made me think of Warframe. They do have an auto-mod-select system but it is terrible. At this point in that game's lifecycle there must be one hundred mod types for each weapon type. Their original solution was the most functional which was to simply include the concept of mod loadouts per weapon. All weapons come with three.

	Re. Gary's mockups:
	I really liked the addition of making the bounds for interactions visible in a subtle way. It made me wonder what other messaging (audio, fx notifiers, animation states etc...) would be there to inform a player that they've entered an AR interactionn bounds.

	The monocle filigree made me wonder if the elements of the filigree could be themed to specific types of interactions that are possible with the monocle. Imagine that those elements react when you pass the monocle over something that they are associated with to help players get a quick read on the nature of the interaction. Just a thought

---

## [2019-07-18 09:58] eso

Transferring KESTREL video to my local archive
How can I build the game myself though? There was an email I'd kept regarding a play test. Maybe I can install that?

---

## [2019-07-18 11:12] eso

Attempting to install prototype locally from instructions provided by Colin McGinley
Getting the Kestrel Prototype
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=KES&title=Getting+the+Prototype

---

## [2019-07-19 17:00] eso

Was not a good idea to install the prototype to a dropbox share. IT flagged it immediately, and while no big deal - it was abreak of their security protocol. I've removed that material and will attempt local install on Saturday

---

## [2019-07-19 17:02] eso

What are you doing right now?
I found a material to be used for a radial wipe - this will allow me to communicate a short delay between gazing at something and having the profile emerge, although pretty sure I'll find many uses for it. Is worth studying the material to see how its done.
x transcribe and study radial wipe material
x study Dynamic Material Instances. Are these useful for my purposes? They seem foundational.
- Study the HUD VFX I downloaded. Compare line quality with UI texture maps. Its all about premultiplying I think? How can I get better control and presentation of line weight? Is it time to switch over to Photoshop?

---

## [2019-07-20 10:01] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW
comparing timeline based animation vs sequence animation

---

## [2019-07-21 11:20] eso

started another worksession to figure out animation. Hopefully is more understandable today. At the end of today's worksessions, I'll have shifted back to my test environment and applied what I've learned to the Aperture UI
1. when focused on a target, a circle progress bar fills in around the reticle
2. When the progressbar is complete, the aperture expands outward from the focal point

---

## [2019-07-21 23:59] eso

It took some time to figure out how to target and fire events on a UMG widget, then more time to figure out opacity animation, but I have it working and have a pretty nice/rich event system going on in which I can target usables or broadcast a dispatch and target multiples and fire events on these things. I think this should put me in a good position to block out animation sequences tomorrow

---

## [2019-07-22 07:04] eso

Attempting install of Kestrel Prototype again, this time to local machine

---

## [2019-07-22 08:28] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Testing location masking technique in Sci-Fi Hallway level

---

## [2019-07-22 09:46] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
Testing location masking in complex environment. Fine tuning parameters

---

## [2019-07-22 10:54] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
captured screenshots from complex environment showing example of anchoring to surfaces by using cutaway to reveal wireframe grid underneath surfaces. Great refinement of spherical masking field

---

## [2019-07-22 11:02] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Attempting HTML5 export of scifihallway project

---

## [2019-07-22 11:23] eso

confirmed HTML export of scifihallway showing anchoring grid

---

## [2019-07-22 11:24] eso

Transferring interface and dispatch methods to KUX0620

---

## [2019-07-22 13:22] eso

continuing to setup workspace and organize blueprints better. My hope is that the time spent will pay off during rapid design phase to follow. Have implemented event dispatch, usable object, blueprint interface and added toggle on/off for HUD overlay and AR-ASSIST transition

---

## [2019-07-22 13:23] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Adding circular progress material to work environment and connecting it to a parameter i can test animation with

---

## [2019-07-22 15:35] eso

creating dynamic material instance for circle progress

---

## [2019-07-22 23:06] eso

gaze detection runs every tick
when I look at something I want it to become the usable object
Once a usable object has been set (object is not none) ignore gaze detectio

---

## [2019-07-23 07:52] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
I sorted out the logic for opening the aperture when gazing at a target tagged "profile"
adding anim behavior to aperture open/close functions

---

## [2019-07-23 08:09] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
finished implementing animation logic
adding expand/contract animation to reticule

---

## [2019-07-23 09:05] eso

added basic reticule and animation support

---

## [2019-07-23 09:06] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
adding profile activation timer on open reticule

---

## [2019-07-23 09:33] eso

animating sequences of events is going to be tricky if independent timelines are used. Reconfiguring this as Actor Sequence in the blueprint

---

## [2019-07-23 09:34] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHt NOW?
re-doing reticule animation as actor sequence

---

## [2019-07-23 10:17] eso

I'm able to access and animate the material properties in a level sequencer
With this approach, I'll need to bind or trigger that from the thirdpersoncharacter

---

## [2019-07-23 10:40] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Integrating Level Sequence for Aperture w events in ThirdPersonCharacter

---

## [2019-07-23 11:19] eso

integrated level sequence anim w playercontroller. Getting some visual artifacts though

---

## [2019-07-23 11:20] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
cleaning up visual presentation of aperture

---

## [2019-07-23 11:22] eso

need seperate sequence for transition out

---

## [2019-07-23 12:53] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
creating transition out sequence for aperture

---

## [2019-07-23 13:29] eso

getting closer to where I want to be with this. very close now. I'm checking to see if the into level seq has completed playing. If it hasn't I reverse the transition, otherwise I play the transition out seq

I need to address the progress timer object outside the timeline - perhaps just a matter of animating a parameter, like line weight or maybe opacity that isn't being controlled by the timeline to avoid potential conflicts

---

## [2019-07-23 13:54] eso

reticule gaze behavior is behaving as I wanted :) A bit twitchy though. Some timing details to address:
- wait a moment before progress timer starts incrementing
- thinner lines ?

---

## [2019-07-23 15:41] eso

WHAT ARE YOU WORKING ON RIGHT NOW?
Adding Nearby behavior for objective markers

---

## [2019-07-23 17:16] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
Adding animation to UMG marker widget

---

## [2019-07-23 17:27] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING NOW?
integrating events on UMG_marker w animation

---

## [2019-07-23 18:07] eso

The marker widget transitions in/out correctly. Testing on multiples now.
Maybe working a bit too well. A marker placed outside the nearby boudary recievs the dispatch as well. How can I prevent it from doing so?

I'll need to fire the custom event on the UMG marker widget from its containing blueprint rather than broadcasting to all markers

---

## [2019-07-23 20:24] eso

profile actor marker behavior is working as I wanted. Any actor within the nearby boundary shows a marker. Actors outside the boundary don't show a marker. Entering and exiting the boundary transitions the markers in/out

---

## [2019-07-23 20:25] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Setting up the Profile boundary

---

## [2019-07-23 20:43] eso

adjusted trace distance to set Profile boundary for objective
Works as I'd hoped. May still need to set that boundary with a volume for further animation

---

## [2019-07-23 21:20] eso

WHAT ARE YOu WORKING ON NOW?
Working on profile transition in/out when profile timer reaches 100%

---

## [2019-07-24 06:28] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Preparing powerpoint document template and collating last week's feedback

---

## [2019-07-24 08:11] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW
packaging KUX0620 HTML build for testing
reviewing powerpoint doc

---

## [2019-07-24 08:17] eso

having some trouble w HTML5 export

---

## [2019-07-24 08:26] eso

unable to export HTML5. Some internal errors I cant make out right now. Will need to re-assemble this project as various chaff has built up while working on it. Windows build also fails for same reasons

---

## [2019-07-24 08:28] eso

what can I capture screenshots of right now?
Nearby Marker?

Need to wait until:
Objective profile transition is sorted out
UI worldspace transition in/out is sorted

x Objective Profile transition
P2 Worldspace UI build
P2 Interact Prompt
P2 export screenshots for powerpoint
P3 Unique profile for each interactable

---

## [2019-07-24 08:33] eso

WHAT ARE YOU WORKING ON RIGHT NOW?
Objective Profile Transition and event handling

P1 Worldspace UI build
P2 Interact Prompt
P2 export screenshots for powerpoint
P3 Unique profile for each interactable

---

## [2019-07-24 10:11] eso

WHAT ARE YOU WORKING ON RIGHT NOW?
Worldspace UI build

---

## [2019-07-24 11:36] eso

WHAT ARE YOU WORKING ON RIGHT NOW?
adjusting UI-details animation for single instance of a detail panel

---

## [2019-07-24 11:50] eso

UI animation for worldspace UI is working OK for details, but will be inefficient to use multiple items w the timeline I implemented for a single. Switching that funtionality over to a level sequence item

---

## [2019-07-24 11:59] eso

level sequencer is working and hooked up the event handling. Now just building up the sequence

---

## [2019-07-24 15:44] eso

Presentation went OK but I was frustrated by technical difficulties of my own making and don't feel like I spent much time on visual design the past week. Good feedback though and provided some solid examples.

I'm cleaning up and versioning the project. Need to step back and see how I ended up implementing. I know it could be simplified and leave more time for design

---

## [2019-07-24 17:41] eso

completed migration to clean project KUX0630 and verified HTML5 export

---

## [2019-07-25 11:01] eso

project cleanup

NEXT
x prepare Sprint goals for Friday am meeting
x Collate feedback
	+ Think about what Jared meant when he suggested working w a writer to describe scenarios
	+ To me it implies that he wants to see narrative scenarios enacted using the presentational tools I created. Why are there objectives in the first place?
	+ At minimum there need to be three objectives, a beginning, middle and end
P2 Follow up w Jared to confirm that's what he meant
x update JIRA

---

## [2019-07-29 07:16] eso

SPRINT GOALS

MOVE FROM BEHAVIORS TO SCENARIOS
At Jared's suggestion, I want to broaden the scope of my ongoing PAN/OS visualizations to enact specific scenarios. I've previously examined several mechanical designs and want to use that material to communicate simple stories.

Examples:
- Open the locked door
- Follow the trail
- Find the hidden object
- Gated objective

I will consult with a writer (TBD) to develop a pool of simple, relevant scenarios and stage them in an interactive visualization to refine and extend my previous spatial interface design work.

VISUALIZE THE HUD
I want to work with Keyan to build out a layered HUD represesentation incorporating motion and transitional behaviors. This work is non-interactive and intends to provide tangible feedback of spatial relationships to help inform the visual design and art direction of the HUD presence.

---

## [2019-07-29 09:24] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW
implementing object outline feature on standalone target
waiting for sprint planning meeting

---

## [2019-07-30 09:42] eso

Studying the storyboard material ZOS sent over to prepare for chat with Jared later.
What do I want out of the chat w Jared?
Personally - some validation of the working methods I've been using
Professionally - some guidance on how to help him achieve his goals

WHAT DO I NEED TO CLARIFY FOR MY OWN PURPOSES.
What is the role of the camera framing?
Which scenario to prototype?

---

## [2019-07-30 10:55] eso

good chat w Jared. I'm fleshing out my notes a bit further to send back to him.

---

## [2019-07-30 14:41] eso

spent more time than I expected marking up the scenario script

NEXT
- create presentation stub doc for scenario building presentation
	+ include marked up Word doc
- Log time in JIRA
- Aperture behavior refinement (Unreal)
- Objective Profile behavior refinement (Unreal)
- UI material & surface refinement (Unreal)
- Get prototype running on my local machine

---

