# Raw Entries for March 2020

**Total Entries:** 101
**Projects:** RPVR, eso

---

## [2020-03-01 14:21] RPVR

Summarized the tutorial flow discussed last week. I had some realizations how to make this simpler. I don't think the overal design for this feature is sound - but its not disastrous either.

The idea of using a Helper panel was a step forward. I'm using it to show information about traversal only. When you teleport and/or walk successfully, the helper is set to a "completed" state, but it doesn't go away

Markers are used to advertise objectives: Pill/Mirror. There are help Panels plaaced at each of these locations for backstory and friwendly help text relevant to being at that location

---

## [2020-03-02 07:16] eso

sent out ZOS invoice

---

## [2020-03-02 07:28] RPVR

creating invoice for Februrary work
Dates for time/project worked 
Hours for time/project
Rate (monthly)

Y: Tutorial Panel template design (CT-860), Teleport locomotion panel (CT-863), Walk locomotion panel (CT-976),
T: Teleport locomotion panel (CT-863), Walk locomotion panel (CT-976), Avatar Generation system panel (CT-864)
Blockers: -

---

## [2020-03-02 11:00] RPVR

added controller gfx to locomotion:walk panel
What work remains to finalize these?
x draw diagrams and labels on teleport illustration
x draw diagrams and labels on walk illustration
x completion state (checkmark)
x refinement of teleport and walk icon
x refinement (maybe invert color?) of icon framing ring
x adapt for 2-up layout (place icon ring on opposite sides?)
- export to sketchbox for legibility testing

---

## [2020-03-02 13:15] RPVR

added Objective marker task CT-1001

---

## [2020-03-03 07:20] RPVR

finished locomotion: teleport
finished locomotion: walking

NEXT
meet w Oli and Octavian 9a or maybe 10a

Y: Tutorial Panel template design (CT-860), Tutorial Panel visual development (CT-861), Teleport locomotion panel (CT-863), Walk Locomotion panel (CT-976)
T: Avatar Generation system wireframe (CT-864), Group Up tutorial panel (CT-866), Consumable tutorial panel (CT-867), Tutorial meeting
Blockers:

---

## [2020-03-03 09:56] RPVR

P1  prepare asset and annotation package for Octavian to get material stubbed in
x  Avatar Customization panel
P2  integrating text Oli posted into design
P3  update flow in design doc
P3  NEW PANEL instruct on how to turn w controllers
    - add subtask to JIRA

---

## [2020-03-04 06:11] RPVR

generating assets for the Avatar Customization panel (Mirror). Once I get the panel laid out the goal will be to slice up and process my existing work for delivery to Octavian.

Y: Customize Avatar panel (CT-864), Visual development (CT-861), Tutorial design meeeting w Oli and Octavian, Prepared panel assets for Octavian
T: Group Up tutorial panel (CT-866), Consumable tutorial panel (CT-867), Grab Pill panel (CT-865), End of Tutorial panel (CT-868)
Blockers:

---

## [2020-03-04 07:09] RPVR

x  prepare asset and annotation package for Octavian to get material stubbed in
P2  integrating text Oli posted into design
P3  update flow in design doc
P3  NEW PANEL instruct on how to turn w controllers
    - add subtask to JIRA

---

## [2020-03-04 08:27] RPVR

updated deck w new Customization panel layouts

---

## [2020-03-04 10:16] RPVR

Figured a way to output assets at 2048x2048px
Exported panel assets to Drive and shared location
Notified Octavian

---

## [2020-03-04 11:14] RPVR

Introduced myself to Alexis the CD at Redpill Montreal. Discussing controller mapping with him at the moment. They're wanting to make the walk behavior dependent on a face button, so we're talking about how to teach that. It also means I will need to update the gfx for walking

---

## [2020-03-04 12:28] RPVR

starting work on info callouts fot the mirror controls

---

## [2020-03-04 13:17] RPVR

cleaned up deck a bit, added layout metrics page

---

## [2020-03-04 17:31] RPVR

worked out flow for Mirror callouts, entry and exit
making a diagram of that in the deck now
updated Tutorial text content matrix spreadsheet

---

## [2020-03-04 18:19] RPVR

added Mirror callout flow to deck

---

## [2020-03-05 07:20] RPVR

completed end Tutorial design
building out variations
- export assets

---

## [2020-03-05 08:40] RPVR

Added End of Tutorial gfx to deck


NEXT
- Design sync up meeting
- callout text for Avatar Customization
    + simplest layout possible
- export assets: End of Tutorial
x move all design work to folder Christian shared
    https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1anALNpzQZsiONMTtsSPLDjzE3Uh5LiIr

---

## [2020-03-05 09:34] RPVR

Presentation went well

---

## [2020-03-05 10:24] RPVR

relocated design guides to Projects>Sunset>Design and added permissions, etc.

---

## [2020-03-05 12:40] RPVR

validated asset placement and visibility in Skethboc
built out 3D sketch of Mirror site which I'll add to the design doc

---

## [2020-03-05 16:34] RPVR

I've built out stubs for the 4 remaining panels.
Sketching the art I want to put in them:
- Group Up
x Consumables
x Dose
x How to Turn

---

## [2020-03-06 00:24] RPVR

I've created 1st pass or further iteration for the remaining art

---

## [2020-03-06 06:46] RPVR

Y: Tutorial Panels (CT-865, CT-866, CT-867), Visual development (CT-861), Posted tutorial panel assets for Octavian, design documentation
T: Objective markers (CT-1001), Avatar Calibration tutorial panel (CT-862)
Blockers: -

NEXT
x finalize Group Up art 
x prepare monochrome versions of all new panels
x Export new panels and add to design doc
x create Mirror callout label design spec
P1 export panel assets to Drive
P2 create spatial mockup for Pill objective
P2 finish spatial mockup for Mirror objective

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1VNI7r3yPo-CihDHuG-jE5GyWqIVwOujjKBl1PSWEZnY/edit?usp=sharing

---

## [2020-03-08 11:35] eso

planning inventory design as identified by sprint goals

Equipment/Inventory Interface
•	Start Equipment/Inventory Interface
•	Use loot compare, weapon vendor, character and weapon customization standards to create Equipment interface wireframes

---

## [2020-03-08 11:52] eso

Anton's Weapon Vendor work provides some good patterns and visual assets to start with.

---

## [2020-03-09 07:21] RPVR

Y: Tutorial Panels (CT-865, CT-866, CT-867), Visual development (CT-861), Posted tutorial panel assets for Octavian, design documentation
T: Objective markers (CT-1001), Avatar Calibration tutorial panel (CT-862)
Blockers: -

---

## [2020-03-09 08:12] eso

Armor
Energy stat (related to Energy meter - think of it as a battery) max=5
Defense stat (max=5)


HEALTH

RESOURCES
premium currency
game currency
ammo is a resource type

GEAR SCORE (formerly Power)
As a player, how good is this thing?
this is a prominent value

---

## [2020-03-09 08:37] eso

can I provide a dense and a light version of this design when I present? Is that the Compare/Contrast?

---

## [2020-03-09 09:17] eso

chatted with Jason earlier to confirm character stats and weapon stats that will appear on the Equipment Screen

---

## [2020-03-09 13:07] RPVR

sprint planning meeting now

NEXT
- finish objective marker wireframe task
- finish avatar calivration panel task
- setup meeting to discuss latest build w Octavian on Wed afternoon. Maybe Thursday am is better though due to tinme difference
- Discuss next tasks & refinement w Oli/Christian

---

## [2020-03-09 15:06] RPVR

great chat w Oli about the Mirror/Character Customizer. Its larger goals, some history. Pain points. WHat can be done to mitigate over the short term.

---

## [2020-03-10 08:45] eso

building/modifying parts for inventory screen

---

## [2020-03-10 15:05] RPVR

The locomotion control scheme has been changed. Here's what I need to do:
- update Teleport panel to specify the Right controller
- create a new Helper panel describing Strafe/Move, which uses the Left controller.
- update the Turning panelto specify usage of the Left controller

Y: Objective markers (CT-1001)
T: Update How to Teleport panel (CT-1113), Update How to Turn Panel (CT-1115), Create How to Strafe/Move panel (CT-1114)
Blockers: -

---

## [2020-03-11 00:28] eso

P1 Need to show datatypes Jason called out on Item representations
	- Slot
	- List
	- Tooltip

P1 Need to add representation of Player Status using datatypes Jason called out

P2 Show variation of Mod selection that was sketched out in notebook

P2 Need informal full screen wireframes of different screens and ideas.

Do not show sequences or flow in full screen wireframes. They're informal. just there to capture design variants and ideas

x Add Type metric analysis page

---

## [2020-03-11 08:44] eso

added pips for modification status to all equipment thumbs
adding quality styling to listing, tooltip and slot

ELECTROLASER PROJECTILE BEHAVIOR
Fires invisible beam while discharging a lightning bolt at the target

---

## [2020-03-11 09:52] eso

working out details of showing power level on tooltip

---

## [2020-03-11 13:33] eso

presentation went ok. eager to see the next iteration w screen layouts and ideas for lists

---

## [2020-03-11 13:57] RPVR

attempting to sync to latest. Can't. UE4 fails before loading the content.
Assertion Failed: SerializeNum >=0


Y: Update How to Teleport panel (CT-1113), Update How to Turn Panel (CT-1115)
T: Update Walk panel (CT-1116), Create new tutorial panel for Strafe/Move (CT-1114), Avatar Calibration tutorial panel (CT-862)
Blockers: --

---

## [2020-03-12 18:12] RPVR

- Teleport
- Walk
- Travel to Alien World
- How to Turn
- How to Move
- Calibration

---

## [2020-03-13 00:22] RPVR

updated illustrator file w new text and created new artboards
generated new asset for Left controller

NEXT
figure out layout to show 2 controllers (or just the buttons) in a panel

---

## [2020-03-13 07:28] RPVR

finalizing and exporting panels as I go

---

## [2020-03-13 07:36] RPVR

x Teleport
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v0PLkjNIBL8fq-Rkb4r5c7e73gr4y3gX
x Travel to Alien World
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1b4D3hQQhMWYXlfL4v0GOgAKihUwrhphK
x How to Turn
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-pVgL7BMlXf4IwAl39ENjBPSEKSD0vqV
x Walk
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1D5I9eGaa5gZQH4XPXtmi1QYz8cDyfqsp
- How to Move
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1YCtAzPfa29Qa3Skl4UzLQZ022marf-lC


- Calibration

---

## [2020-03-13 08:23] RPVR

integrated new 3d gfx into Walk panel. Need to add yellow hilite on each button

---

## [2020-03-13 09:55] RPVR

exported gfx to Drive and shared w Oli & Octavian
Met w Christian, Oli, Octavian earliier. Laid out my plan for Avatar Calibration. Everyone's good w it. Working on that now

---

## [2020-03-13 10:13] RPVR

Y:  Update Walk panel (CT-1116), Create new tutorial panel for Strafe/Move (CT-1114)
T: Avatar Calibration tutorial panel (CT-862), posted tutorial assets for Octavian
Blockers: --

---

## [2020-03-13 11:51] RPVR

created 1st draft of avatar calibratioon panel

---

## [2020-03-13 13:28] RPVR

avatar calibration was less and more than I expected. I thought I'd use 2 panels - helper panel and objective panel. Which implied a simple flow. But I was able to combine all the information into a single panel which looks pretty trippy and may be all that's needed.

---

## [2020-03-13 14:37] RPVR

uploaded calibration gfx to drive
making revisions to design doc
testing new panel in sketchbox

---

## [2020-03-13 17:54] RPVR

wrapping up updates to design doc. Just need to capture a man-sized view of the Avatar Calibration panel

---

## [2020-03-16 07:52] RPVR

Y:  Avatar Calibration tutorial panel (CT-862)
T:Identify testable criteria for AGS Mirror UI (CT-1013), follow up w Octavian on Tutorial implementation
Blockers: --

---

## [2020-03-16 07:55] eso

ideating on Player Status datatypes and layout for Inventory screen

---

## [2020-03-16 08:00] RPVR

upcoming work
refine and iterate on Wrist menu. The current in-game version is not what I expected, and I'm not convinced the design approach I took is valid for our purposes.

---

## [2020-03-17 08:01] RPVR

Y: Identify testable criteria for AGS Mirror UI (CT-1013)
T: Wireframe for Mirror UI (CT-1010)
Blockers: --

---

## [2020-03-17 08:02] eso

integrating parts. Working on slot layout then will integrate character status

---

## [2020-03-17 11:29] eso

making progress today :)
mapping out some flows using the parts I created. These will become the screens I finalize

---

## [2020-03-17 22:10] eso

I've evolved 2 layout variations for the Equipment Slot view which include
- tabbed categories
- visual slots
- player status
- tooltip
- keybinds

---

## [2020-03-17 23:19] eso

created layout for item listing
created 2-col item profile first pass. iterating a bit on that

---

## [2020-03-18 00:46] eso

starting to build out fuill resolution versions of my sketches.
My presentation tomorrow is going to be short
How can I provide the most value with what I've been working on?

I want to show a single opinionated system that captures the datapoints I was provided for equipment and player status, and if possible show how I came to this solution

- rebuild sketches for list view at full resolution
- rebuild sketch for slot view at full resolution
- show item comparison
- show equipping
- show browsing through mods
- show (empty) tabbed views of other categories
	x resources
	+ collection
- create categorized list of weapons by tech type
	+ Electrolaser
		* xxxx
		* xxxx
	+ Charged Plasma
	+ Micromissile

- show or callout that item choice can inflate player energy stat by showing the delta on focus
- show mod grid idea from sketches

---

## [2020-03-18 06:42] eso

building artboards for presentation

---

## [2020-03-18 08:07] eso

completed wireframe layout for Resources tab
working on layout for Mods tab

---

## [2020-03-18 08:42] eso

working on 2nd state for resources page for selecting a weapon based on ammo type. Just an idea and a demonstration of using same list component for different purposes

---

## [2020-03-18 09:38] eso

working on weapons listing page

---

## [2020-03-18 10:08] eso

completed 1st draft weapons listing

---

## [2020-03-18 10:40] RPVR

Christian asked me to modify pose of figure in Avatar calibration panel to match engineering requirement for the pose. He's sending over some reference

Chatted w Octavian earlier. Will get latest this afternoon to take a look at the tutorial work in place?

Y: Wireframe for Mirror UI (CT-1010)
T: Wireframe for Mirror UI (CT-1010), Spatial design for Mirror UI (CT-1011)
Blockers: --

---

## [2020-03-18 12:11] eso

I think I've done as much design as I am able
exporting gfx now for presentation draft

---

## [2020-03-20 07:05] RPVR

working on Mirror UI task. Its feeling huge and out of my control, like what I design for it wont make a difference either way. That can't be true. The best way to get started on thios is to chat w Oli and see where the discussion leads.

---

## [2020-03-20 07:06] RPVR

I'll make field notes and video capture the experience before speaking w Oli.

Y: Wireframing for Mirror UI (CT-1010), Spatial design for Mirror UI (CT-1011)
T: Wireframing for Mirror UI (CT-1010), Spatial design for Mirror UI (CT-1011), documentation (CT-1012)
Blockers: --

---

## [2020-03-20 08:55] RPVR

I need to be clear on what needs to be included in this design.
(a) fix what's in the build
(b) scalability for extented functionality as described in Oli's initial design doc

---

## [2020-03-20 09:22] RPVR

I've synced back to abuild where I can use joystick to move in addition to teleport
change 11949

---

## [2020-03-20 19:43] RPVR

I've expressed a design concept in Sketchbox. I think its plausible. I think its an improvement. I think its can be scaled upwards. I need to populate it with icons representing the feature parts. Having mocked it up in Sketchbox. I need to think about how to communicate the design more formally - Illustrator assets should be fine
- LAYOUT
- BUTTON STATES
- REFLEXIONS UI FOR SCROLLING
- AFFORDANCES
- UX NOTES/OBSERVATIONS
    + The nature of scrolling
    + Activation & Deactivation

---

## [2020-03-21 11:58] RPVR

NEXT
- find vector icons for body categories
    + male
    + female
    + hair
    + head
    + upper body
    + lower body
    + feet

---

## [2020-03-22 14:25] RPVR

completed initial iconography research. Can I organize what I have and view in Sketchbox yet?

---

## [2020-03-22 17:33] RPVR

pulled 2nd pass of category icons as consistent looking SVG from Noun project. Now lets see what can be done with these

---

## [2020-03-23 06:05] RPVR

refined mockup in Sketchbox and working on collating wireframe documentation

Y: Wireframing for Mirror UI (CT-1010), Spatial design for Mirror UI (CT-1011)
T: documentation (CT-1012), identify testable metrics for Mirror UI (CT-1013)
Blockers: --

---

## [2020-03-23 06:59] RPVR

good hand icons 
https://thenounproject.com/coquet_adrien/collection/figure-number-with-finger/

---

## [2020-03-23 08:37] RPVR

working on wireframe layout. Just placed 2D iconography and rapid iteration fronm there.

---

## [2020-03-23 10:03] RPVR

added artboards w selection and active state for each body category and switch state for male/female
added callout message relevant for each selection

NEXT
x style back button
x style confirm button
x style radial selection ring & arrows
- use screencaptures as a guide to map out basic flow as wireframes

At this point I'll have wireframe template assets and states to post in design doc

---

## [2020-03-23 11:20] RPVR

only now does it occur to me that there's no need for a back button. What would it do? Is there a need for a confirmation button? What would it do though? 

As conceived changes to your reflection apply to you implicitly. You don't have to confirm them.

---

## [2020-03-23 14:58] RPVR

I've mapped the basic flow and refined interaction
What more do I need for design doc?

---

## [2020-03-24 06:40] RPVR

fleshing out first draft of design document

Y: documentation (CT-1012), identify testable metrics for Mirror UI (CT-1013)
T: cleanup/export Adobe Illustrator Tutorial asset files
Blockers: --

---

## [2020-03-24 10:45] RPVR

The MVP_UX method of Character Creation using a magic mirror uniquely identifies a player with her reflection. The association is implicit. Who you see is who you are.
From a usability perspective, Cancel and Confirm choices lead to a rhythm of making serial choices to explore visual possibilities.

---

## [2020-03-24 12:17] RPVR

completed 1st draft of Mirror UI design doc

---

## [2020-03-24 12:38] RPVR

updated design doc to final content for deliverable
NEXT
- complete slide for scrolling
- complete slide for selecting

eta 30m

---

## [2020-03-24 12:39] RPVR

I want to get back in touch with laurent and get input from him on where to head next. Christian has suggested the Launcher, but there must be other targets as well.

In my opinion, in order to move  forward and do our best work, we need to design the design process, and ask more of it.
For the short term:

The designs I made have been implemented to various levels of completion. They all overlook Production Design basics, because that was never prioritized. Necessarily so, I think - that's the point of a minimum viable product after all - to uncover assumptions and 

I can't hand off work for others to create when I feel I only begin to see the possibilities once the material is in VR

I need to become familiar enough with UE4 to make a meaningful contibution is that space as well

For the Long Term
Who is in charge, and what is the vision. More to the point, how can we evaluate and build that vision while allowing for serendipity and happy accidents.

There are more optimal ways of doing distributed design than we're currently doing. What are they? I have some ideas but need to hear from others

Context
How has the recent COVID-19 pandemic affected our plans?

---

## [2020-03-24 14:25] RPVR

posted Avatar Customization design,. It can use further refinements but I'm going to wait to see what feedback emerges.

---

## [2020-03-24 14:36] eso

Where to go next with the Inventory design?

NEXT
- review prior presentation
- review design notes
- review sprint planning notes
- did I take notes of my conversation w Jason about Resources? last week?

Areas for refinement:

New Features

---

## [2020-03-24 15:07] RPVR

The next several Sprints
Expanding my scope
Learning the craft

Post MVP UX/UI design and concepting
Production Design for MVP work
- Main Menu
- Tutorial
- Splash Screen

Web Platform & Services
Launcher

Process & Experience
Designing a better design process

What's Missing?
Still remain unclear on the trajectory of this project and although I've read a lot of documents, I've been pretty focused on immediate work at hand and haven;t had many Creative or Holistic discussions

My inexperience with UE4 is a bottlenexk and I am committed to iterating on design in this space. At the same time - there are far quicker and simpler methods of arriving at or validating conclusions, such as shared prototyping in Sketchbox or Tivori

Lack of space to play, not quite sure how to begin doing so. Need some encouragemenet

---

## [2020-03-24 19:54] RPVR

Next steps:
write up my organizational thoughts (from above) for Laurent to reference.
He explicitly expressed the need for a product owner. SOmeone to centralize decisioons. That can be me. Write from that point of view.

---

## [2020-03-25 07:01] eso

What am I presenting today?

REFINEMENT
x refined front end template styling (iteration)
- cleaned up/hardened item listings spreadsheet
- show parts of character model in bkg when shwitching to item view

NEW
- labeled slots
- move ammo to main page
- list crafting resources in Resources section (ongoing iteration to take place here)
- mock up the Mod listing from item list idea. Is that still possible?
- show idea for comparison using item size (better items are bigger)
- flesh out existing data with comparison methods previously identified
- is

---

## [2020-03-25 17:17] RPVR

packaging Tutorial gfx source file for delivery to RPVR
Calibration
Confirmation (standalone)
Consumables
Customize

---

## [2020-03-25 18:24] RPVR

posted Tutorial gfx source files to RPVR Drive Projects > Sunset > Art > Tutorial

---

## [2020-03-26 08:29] RPVR

Y: UX - prepare and deliver source files (CT-1178),  prepare post-MVP UI design strategy notes for Laurent (CT-1181)
T: prepare post-MVP UI design strategy notes for Laurent (CT-1181)
Blockers: --

---

## [2020-03-27 07:37] RPVR

Y: prepare post-MVP UI design strategy notes (CT-1181)
T: prepare post-MVP UI design strategy notes (CT-1181)
Blockers: --

---

## [2020-03-27 11:05] RPVR

I've added my notes and reference material to a Google Doc that I'm continuing to aggregate material into.

- include my ideas on the stages of interface outcomes and what it may take to get there

- Are any of my intial analyses on project scope relevant here?
NOT NOW

---

## [2020-03-30 10:54] eso

Assembling and rendering out some 3D assets to include in slots. This will be an ongoing task I think. Getting this first batch together to move forward with working on:
- MODS
- AMPS
- RESOURCES

NEXT
- cleanup and normalize AI layout

MODS
- take a look at the idea I'd previously had on reviewing mods from an equipment listing
	+ can I make this work?
		* allows me to review equipped mods for selected item
		* allows me to equip mods to a slot from a list of available mods
			- compare/view mods side by side when replacing an existing mod
		* allows me to see how a particular mod changes weapon stats


AMPS
	- show selected slot
		+ what are relevant keybinds here?
	- populate listing
	- show profile
	- add bkg image

RESOURCES
	- speak w Doug about plans for Resources
		+ what are the actions I can perform upon resources here?
	- create resource list
	- create resource profile
	- use proxy asset for resource img

---

## [2020-03-30 15:53] eso

spending time compactifying the design and unifying the space to be more coherent as Dave had mentioned during last review

---

## [2020-03-30 16:53] RPVR

standing by

---

## [2020-03-30 17:51] eso

finished refinement pass to equipment slots

---

## [2020-03-30 20:13] eso

NEXT
- cleanup Player Stats
	+ organize the data better
	+ refine layout
	+ add ammo counters
		+ 	Maelstrom Shell
		+ 	Mass-Reactive Shell
		+ 	Micro-Missile Pod
		+ 	Flechette Round
		+ 	Pyromic Compound
		+ 	Rail Sabot
		+ 	Gauss Cartridge
Energy Cell
Plasma Cartridge

---

## [2020-03-31 08:25] eso

working on Player Status silo
Made some interesting additions to currency that show recent transactions. Not sure if scalable, or if this is maybe a larger view to be found on the Resources page, but pretty cool feature. Possibly useful.

---

