# Raw Entries for January 2020

**Total Entries:** 131
**Projects:** RPVR, eso

---

## [2020-01-02 13:45] eso

Deliverables I'm showing are:
- gameplay moments chart
- reticule focused player status layout schemes (3-5)

What I need to know:
- how to map the UI widgets I construct to 3D spatial posture

What I'm continuing
- continue using After Effects & Illustrator for layout
- continue using Unreal for 3rd person POV backplates

---

## [2020-01-06 09:47] eso

WHAT ARE YOU WORKING ON?
I'm transcribing gameplay moment notes to a spreadhsheet in preparation for adding that material to presentation chart
(30m)

---

## [2020-01-06 09:48] eso

What did you do yesterday?
I rebuilt the table UI was constructing by hand in Powerpoint as a chart object and formatted it to look nice
I added gameplay moment data I'd observed in Horizon Zero Dawn to the powerpoint doc
I created a spreadsheet to collate my observations
I played through more of Death Stranding and Control to observe the UI

---

## [2020-01-06 13:16] eso

spent time in detailed debug session to get dev environment setup to work with P4 and the prototype. Not successful, but maybe a bit closer to the goal? Reinstalling the prototype to get back to where I was before.

---

## [2020-01-06 13:17] eso

I've completed collating my additional observations from Control & HZD
stopping for lunch. When I get back I'll do a quick review of Death Stranding to see if there are use cases here UI can apply to energy (AMPS) metering
I also need to make some notes about reticle behavior
- HZD
- Division 2
- Destiny 2

I also need to look back through my notes to make sure I deliver what ZOS is expecting I think I've got it straight, but there is some emphasis on reticle states I hadn't considered

---

## [2020-01-06 13:24] eso

If I need to spend another 6h captyuring gameplay moments, thats unexpected, but its necessary for a full understanding. The chart I'm building needs to be refreshed to include categorizations for:
Health
Weapon Status
Energy
Reticle
Abilities

---

## [2020-01-06 19:08] eso

Amps are abilities that take physical form, ranging from weaponized cybernetics to wearable gear. Each Amp provides a bit of functionality that its upgrades improve and expand upon.

They feed into different player character fantasies by offering RPG class-like functions that typically come from skill-tree style progression. They come in a variety of forms from weaponized cybernetics to wearable gear. Players will also acquire mods for Amps that improve and expand on their functions

---

## [2020-01-06 19:30] eso

I've reviewed a number of design docs, including the Health and Energy docs. From that I created a list of terms and defined each of them. I'm glad I did. AMPS aren't what i thought they were at all. They're like magical items, not abilities. Skills (abilities) are also a thing, athough the documentation doesn't mention what they cost.

I think its safe to assume they can be used at any time but have a cooldown.
How are they triggered though?
Do I queue up selected skills in an ability belt?
Do I queue up AMPS in an ability belt?
Do I navigate through an ability belt?

Early HUD mockups by David show something like a Player Ability belt
I think it's OK to treat Skills like this.
They could also be pre-assigned to keybinds

Can the same system be scaled to use AMPS though? Maybe, but that is a potentially long list. 7 items in HZD feels a bit long.

How are the Skills in The Division used?
- I think they can be used at any time via a keybind and have an associated cooldown?
-
How are the Skills in Horizon Zero Dawn used?
- the HZD skills don't cost anything to use. Many of them are situational, like a sneak attack while hiding. Some have a duration and cooldown - such as advanced aiming

---

## [2020-01-06 19:52] eso

The design documentation spells it out:
- Skills add depth to existing combat functions
- Skills upgrade the effect of existing inputs or create new context-based inputs

In the visual examples provided, the Skill is activated in a particular situation and prompted by a keybind at the appropriate time. Captured that in my Gameplay Moments dataset

---

## [2020-01-06 20:08] eso

The player may only equip one Amp at a time

Amps are selected as part of the player’s loadout and may be changed whenever there is access to the loadout.

Amps must be primed (or readied) before use with X + SQUARE

Once readied, Amps can be activated with RT

Amps use an Energy Bar to limit how often and for how long the player can use them.
- Different Amps use the Energy Bar in different ways.
	- The Threat Scan Amp, which shows enemy silhouettes through geometry, will imediately consume an amount of energy per activation
	- The Energy Shield Amp will drain energy at a defined rate for as long as the shield is active.

Skills do not drain the energy bar.

---

## [2020-01-06 21:38] eso

I finished identifying and defining all the terms in the design documentation. Pretty illuminating. The HUD representation of Amps and Skills will be much simpler than expected. Not shown as a list but as an opportunity or triggered action.

---

## [2020-01-06 21:41] eso

The gameplay moments chart I'm building needs to be refreshed to include categorizations for:
Health meter
Weapon status
Amp status
Amp prompt
Energy meter
Reticle
Skill prompt

---

## [2020-01-07 08:33] eso

When is the Energy meter visible?
- in combat
- when I prime an Amp for usage

---

## [2020-01-07 08:59] eso

todays's plan is to begin layout at 1p
needing time to continue collating gameplay moments dataset
If layout can be completed today, then I can use 3-4h tomorrow a to prepare & format the data
If layout can't be completed today, I need to have a 1st draft of my findings placed in the presentation doc

---

## [2020-01-07 09:06] eso

only callout game reference if there's a special case for that game worth mentioning

---

## [2020-01-07 16:19] eso

Finished collating and preprocessing data for gameplay moments and came across several use case that I'd previously missed
Created Confluence posts to include spreadsheet and data and definitions

---

## [2020-01-07 17:03] eso

simplified narratives and made them more similar. Reading through them is like a stream of consciousness

---

## [2020-01-07 17:37] eso

once I finish placing the data in the presentation the plan is to reuse my old asset set to configure a HUD layout similar to the Death Stranding assault weapon screenshot - taking liberties of course

In Illustratior I need to create layouts for
- Amp Prompt
- Amp Status
	+ Amp Icon/Label
	+ Slot 2 icon/label ready state
	+ Slot 3 icon/label ready state

---

## [2020-01-07 20:10] eso

I've added formatted gameplay moments to the presentation using a separate slide for Amp Usage prompt, Amp Status, Health Status, Reticle, Skill Prompt, Weapon Status

NEXT
add illustrator wireframes for each of these sections
- Amp Usage prompt
- Amp Status
- Health Status
- Reticle
- Skill Prompt
- Weapon Status

---

## [2020-01-07 21:28] eso

starting Illustrator work
after working in illustrator I'll need to integrate with the After Effectys project I set up for HUD layout

---

## [2020-01-08 07:25] eso

P1 Add illustrator wireframes for each of these sections
	x Amp Usage prompt
	- Amp Status
	x Health Status
	- Reticle
	- Skill Prompt
	- Weapon Status

P1 Layout Scheme
x Update Confluence content and spreadsheet with current

---

## [2020-01-08 07:38] eso

placed updated health status in After Effects layout

---

## [2020-01-08 08:51] eso

completed Amp usage prompt slide
placed amp usage prompt in After Effects layout

---

## [2020-01-08 10:46] eso

I have 2 AE layouts going now
working on Weapon status
updated confluence posts
shared confluence posts w Jason

---

## [2020-01-08 12:58] eso

ready to present. frame this as work in progress and talk about 2 things
gameplay moments (behaviors & states)
dashboard approach to HUD organization

---

## [2020-01-08 13:28] eso

Presentation well received. Good discussion captured in my notes

---

## [2020-01-12 17:34] eso

reviewing my notes and setting goals for next iteration HUD1810

---

## [2020-01-12 19:36] eso

completed reviewing notes and mapped out some ideas for this iteration, which I'll transcribe into the powerpoint doc.

---

## [2020-01-12 19:37] eso

need to capture additional views from Unreal
- traversal view where full character is visible

---

## [2020-01-13 12:55] eso

transcribing my ideation into powerpoint doc and adding some reference imagery and sketches. Will discuss with Jason at 130p

---

## [2020-01-13 13:20] eso

finished collating my notes ready to chat about them

---

## [2020-01-13 17:41] eso

I've set up additional views in Unreal, also exproting with a different shading technique

---

## [2020-01-13 20:35] eso

imported and placed new backplates in AE

---

## [2020-01-14 12:20] eso

studying and copying meter styling from Astral Chain. Its a more compact/normalized representation. Seeing If i can adapt to segmented use cases

---

## [2020-01-14 14:21] eso

Building HUDs part by part
- Integrate Ammo meter into reticle
- Attach linear ammo meter to reticle

---

## [2020-01-14 17:08] eso

integrating weapon status and Ammo meter in AE. Refining/simplifying
- Add reticle/meter variations to powerpoint doc

---

## [2020-01-14 19:29] eso

NEXT
Health meter layout
place in AE project
place health meter

---

## [2020-01-14 21:45] eso

stepped out of design review tomorrow. Not ready. I need more time to play with this and find out what it wants to be.

---

## [2020-01-14 23:24] eso

updated weapon status
Created several variations of placement and orientation relative to backplates
Consider avoiding surprises by using this panel as a proxy for the others. They need to move as a group, anchored from or tracking the player.

---

## [2020-01-15 11:11] eso

replaced Weapon status instances w new versions that are registered to a 16x9 frame. Also seeing some value in ctreating images that show the frames as a visualization reference.

I'm going to place a health panel using one of the new instances, and swap gfx when I've got it working

---

## [2020-01-15 11:27] eso

initial testing of the health proxy is interesting. Not quite sure where it needs to anchor to the character yet, but there's a distuinction to be made between a panel that gets closer to you (z-position) and one that maintains a consistent distance

---

## [2020-01-15 15:15] eso

I spent some time wondering if I should be authoring in 3D - Unreal or Blender? That's a certain validation, but is overkill at the moment. I have been getting reasonable results in AE, but as I added a 2nd compionent, the health proxy, I felt like there was too much guesswork going on

I'm simplifying the animation rig, and I think its a bit more controllable through rotations rather than trying to hack the positions of things as well. Relying more on the anchoring points being the things that move, so that rotation can be relative to the anchorm , and also controllable.

---

## [2020-01-15 17:37] eso

What it wants to be:
It likes tracking parts.
When Health & Weapon status are both moving, they're harder to track visually

---

## [2020-01-16 10:43] eso

Where are you right bnow with HUD1810?
I dived pretty deep into the AE setup and understand how to manipulate it predictably
I placed Weapon Stats to track and project from the weapon object on the Character model
	- it changes orientation in response to Player look at
I anchored Health to a camera projection
	- it changes orientation in response to Player look at
I defined 2 kinds of projection modes
	- projected from character
	- projected from camera

What do I need to do in the next 4h?
- add Health meter gfx to AE project
- update Amp status gfx in AE

Then
- add Amp status to AE
	+ what if AMP Status is attached to Weapon?
	+ what if AMP Status is attached to other character point

---

## [2020-01-16 11:37] eso

If AMP status is also attached to a weapon that shows Weapon Status, it stacks underneath

- one reason this might happen is receiving an energy boost during combat whuile aiming a weapon

---

## [2020-01-16 13:49] eso

fleshing out content for powerpoint doc so I can generate gfx to that specification
Working on the look-at section and doing some screen captyures from Unreal to illustrate

---

## [2020-01-16 18:21] eso

I haven't thought through the use cases for metering Energy around the reticle at all and need to sketch that out before proceeding further

---

## [2020-01-16 21:24] eso

I've placed a new styled AMP status in AE coupled with Weapon Status
Doing a second version where the panel is tracking a different body part

---

## [2020-01-16 23:17] eso

additional refinement to AE tracking
now lets get the health meter updated

---

## [2020-01-16 23:56] eso

Great, I've worked out the health meter design, as well as a couple of states
Placing in AE project now

---

## [2020-01-17 00:52] eso

health meter isn't moving the way I expected. Adjusting

---

## [2020-01-17 01:15] eso

I'm trying out another positioning scheme where z is always = 0 and scale is used to resize gfx. this keeps the orientation more controllable for presentation purposes

---

## [2020-01-17 01:21] eso

OK I've integrated the scene so that the orientation is consistent for all elements. This is my config 1

---

## [2020-01-17 07:04] eso

building Energy meter

---

## [2020-01-17 08:37] eso

integrated 1st draft Energy into AE

---

## [2020-01-17 09:54] eso

I've exported 2 scenarios from config1 and improted into powerpoint

NEXT
take a look at the powerpoint doc and do an editorial pass on this
If I only show 1 config during meeting w ZOS thats acceptable, provided the remaining details are valuable

---

## [2020-01-17 11:28] eso

ready to discuss this design

---

## [2020-01-17 12:52] eso

presentation went well, design was well recieved and is in line with ideas Jason & David have had. Good chat with Jason afterward about how to address positioning and legibility concerns. I asked him to send over some game capture of aiming from the prototype.

NEXT
summarize feedback
strategy for HUD 1820

---

## [2020-01-20 08:37] eso

update JIRA
post local work to HVAULT

---

## [2020-01-20 09:25] eso

updating JIRA

---

## [2020-01-20 09:40] eso

updated JIRA and HVAULT. Jason sent over some screen captures from the in-game prototype. Make it a priority the get the prototype running this week. and follow up w Steve

---

## [2020-01-20 11:35] eso

NEXT
generate new backplates from reference

---

## [2020-01-20 11:36] eso

Unreal demo (video only) of 2.5D HUD projected from camera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=l7_ytB5Cqro&feature=emb_logo

---

## [2020-01-20 17:53] eso

Having some difficulty getting the images I want in a repeatable manner. I've taken 2 approaches:
- positioned camera in 3rd person view and created new camera at multiple positions
- recorded video of 3rd person camera and imported into After Effects, but the resolution of this capture seems low (1280x720)

---

## [2020-01-21 00:05] eso

I could keep on tweaking the cel shader, but it looks fine. I've set up an array of targets to communicate the space more clearly. Let me see if I can grab a series of screenshots

---

## [2020-01-21 10:11] eso

constructing backplates again. I changed the cel shader after exporting yesterdays work and cant arrive at the same settings
- looking up and down
- looking left and right
- various 3D views of the scene to match and improve the layout diagram I used for last presentation
- zoomed in/tighter views?

poses
- weapon anim (aiming/firing)
	+ FrontEndPose (pistol)
	+ Primary_Fire_Med
- using ability
	+ E_Ability_Targeting (allows placing AMP status on left hand)
- traversal anim
	+ R_Intro_Loop
- looking left and right
	+ weapon anim
	+ traversal anim
- taking damage
	+ Stun_Start

+ FrontEndPose (pistol)
+ Primary_Fire_Med
+ E_Ability_Targeting
+ R_Intro_Loop
+ Stun_Start


NEXT
generate gfx sequences
import sequences to AE
export stills

THEN
energy meter design

---

## [2020-01-21 11:50] eso

x Primary_Fire_Med
x FrontEndPose (pistol)
x E_Ability_Targeting
x R_Intro_Loop
x Stun_Start

---

## [2020-01-21 13:38] eso

Ive finished generating backplates for the standard view
I'm duplicting the UE4 map and setting up version of same to show looking down the scope (focus view)

---

## [2020-01-21 14:11] eso

I've set up a layout comp - will transfer layout from 1810 here by copy paste

---

## [2020-01-21 17:17] eso

I've setup tracking for Weapon Status based on observations of Death Stranding. It's interesting

---

## [2020-01-21 20:58] eso

I've setup comps for Weapon Status and Amp Status and implemented a new (simpler) orientation and tracking scheme to create layouts. Layout process feels simpler and more constrained this time around. I'm in a good position to work on meter design next

NEXT
energy meter design iteration
Health meter states
	- low health
	- how to work with concept of showing health only when its critical
Ammo meter states
map out sequences for powerpoint doc and include sequence gfx as draft

---

## [2020-01-21 22:23] eso

I've created sections and basic text in presentation for my subject matter

NEXT
x add placeholder sequence images to each of the sections (I'm hoping this will focus the AE work & layout)
	x weapon
	x amp
	x health
	x multiple readings
- redesign energy meter to match horizontal meter style
- redesign Amp status to match horizontal meter style
	+ how to show availability of mods?
	+ consider creating exagerrated detailed mod listing (as if tutorial text)
- update AE project to use redesigned Energy meter
- update AE project to use redesigned Amp status
- create layout variations for meter states
	+ Energy
		* Low energy
		* Ready (energy available for Mod)
		* Standby (energy not available for Mod)
	+ Health
		* Critical health
		* Recharged (by consumable)
	+ Ammo
		* Low Ammo
		* Out of Ammo
		* Reloading
- Reconstruct Anchoring the Parts diagram
	+ include Amp status
- Export animated GIFS of Weapon Status look up up down left right to Confluence
- Export animated GIFs of Amp Status look up down left right to Confluence

---

## [2020-01-22 06:16] eso

added placeholder images for weapon scenario

---

## [2020-01-22 06:49] eso

I've fleshed out the content for presentation pre-first draft and removed chaff

---

## [2020-01-22 07:02] eso

x redesign energy meter to match horizontal meter style
x redesign Amp status to match horizontal meter style
	+ how to show availability of mods?
	+ consider creating exagerrated detailed mod listing (as if tutorial text)
x update AE project to use redesigned Energy meter
x update AE project to use redesigned Amp status
P2 create layout variations for meter states
	+ Energy
		* Low energy
		* Ready (energy available for Mod)
		* Standby (energy not available for Mod)
	+ Health
		* Critical health
		* Recharged (by consumable)
	+ Ammo
		* Low Ammo
		* Out of Ammo
		* Reloading
P2 Reconstruct Anchoring the Parts diagram
	+ include Amp status
P3 Export animated GIFS of Weapon Status look up up down left right to Confluence
P3 Export animated GIFs of Amp Status look up down left right to Confluence

---

## [2020-01-22 07:09] eso

updating Energy Meter design

NEXT
update Amp Status design

---

## [2020-01-22 08:34] eso

I've redesigned the energy meter. Better
Mapping out energy meter states on seperate artboard

---

## [2020-01-22 08:48] eso

added Energy meter state detail to powerpoint doc

---

## [2020-01-22 08:54] eso

updated Reticle to hilite red when target centered in AE project
updating Amp Status design

---

## [2020-01-22 09:19] eso

sketched Amp status concept
updated Weapon Status in AI & AE

---

## [2020-01-22 10:21] eso

added 1st draft redesigned AMP status. looking reasonable but loose. can I compress this further? Is the hint text reasonable here?

---

## [2020-01-22 10:32] eso

cleaned up and compressed design. Maybe a little bit more though

---

## [2020-01-22 10:43] eso

completed update to AMP status and integrated in AE

---

## [2020-01-22 10:44] eso

P1 construct scenario gfx and replace placeholders
P2 create layout variations for meter states
	x Energy
		* Low energy
		* Ready (energy available for Mod)
		* Standby (energy not available for Mod)
	+ Health
		* Critical health
		* Recharged (by consumable)
	+ Ammo
		* Low Ammo
		* Out of Ammo
		* Reloading
P2 Reconstruct Anchoring the Parts diagram
	+ include Amp status
P3 Export animated GIFS of Weapon Status look up up down left right to Confluence
P3 Export animated GIFs of Amp Status look up down left right to Confluence

---

## [2020-01-22 11:12] eso

exported stills from AE to complete Weapon scenario

---

## [2020-01-22 11:19] eso

made adjustments to AE for better legibility
building out AMP scenario

---

## [2020-01-22 11:47] eso

completed AMP scenario

---

## [2020-01-22 12:12] eso

I've completed all the scenarios

---

## [2020-01-22 12:17] eso

rendering animated gifs to show movement tracking

---

## [2020-01-22 12:47] eso

ready to present
working on exporting animated GIFS to demonstrate motion though
If necessary, be prepared to show AE preview on screenshare

---

## [2020-01-22 12:52] eso

Yeah - looks like thats the plan
will preview potion in AE

---

## [2020-01-22 14:30] eso

updating HVAULT w new work and do some housekeeping to make material easier to find (subdirectories)

---

## [2020-01-24 09:13] eso

Taking a look at the UE4 project Jason set up

---

## [2020-01-24 11:57] RPVR

DESCRIPTION OF CONSULTING SERVICES
Consultant will be required to report to the CEO concerning the services performed under this agreement. The nature and frequency of tyhese reports will be left to the4 discretion of the CEO

- Work with RPVR to develop content SDK draft user stories- MVP features document

- Work with the team as needed to develop the Volumetric Show document and user interface concept doc

- Work with RPVR team on Technical Validation of Niagara as UI framework and under the direction of Olaf in regards to performance

- Develop, document, design, and implement custom overview of UI requirements in collaboration with our Creative Director for public release and potentially beyond including the UI contemplated in Dose 1 and 2, as well as follow on Doses or other content

- Collaborate with RPVR leadership a clear set of initial priorities based on the above high level and immediate objectives

---

## [2020-01-24 11:58] RPVR

NEXT
x follow up w Laurent - thank him for this opportunity
x follow up w Khoi for Slack/P4 access

---

## [2020-01-24 14:11] RPVR

identify stakeholders for interviewing about the project Khoi and I are chatting a bit later, base strategy on that conversation/

I'm trying to get into the mindset of the project and understand where it stands and where its going.

That affects my approach to designing UX/UI - simply identifying the users. I need to begin by listening. Is everyone working on the same project? How much bigger is it than believed? Where does it need attention?

Who are the stakeholders?

At this time I don't understand what valuable research or observation means. I want to understand this to document the MVP event on April 2  to gain insights avd validate  functionality.

The Volumetric show is multidimensional. Its not just about the VR. The event would be amazing without VR. What signals can we listen for in this space. What signals can we send, and why would we want to send a signal at all?

Put another way how can we make it easy to remember and talk about

photo opportunities
- how to reconfigure the space
collateral?
- one sheet?
-  fineart from in-world image capture
-  personal prints? selfies? photo-mode?
-  stickers? (nice ones)
social?
- photo mode>
- share to?
- stream from?
    + similar to in-world portal, but streamed imagery from web through webcam, twitter, IG, FB
- Onboarding
    + providing guides to get guests in and out of VR
        * clean the gear
        * system maintenance
        *  could there be a guide inside VR as well. A living NPC basically who could help people out or organize/initiate behaviors in the space - a concierge?
        *  a field guide?
        *  an actor playing a role?

---

## [2020-01-24 14:41] eso

Jared is interested in examining the idea of hidden UI chrome while moving cursor during Character Customization flow. Posted ideas and working reference on Keyan's thread to express it

Jason updated UE4 project, so I've redownloaded it. Planning to return it to him with organized world browser content. He's doing some foundational things I want to study more closely:
- swapping weapons (I think he might be swapping the character model actually) on keybind
- animation running on worldspacemarker
- camera possession on entry into interaction zone
- attached counter to weapon and updating counter on fire
	+ alert condition
- reticle swapping
- camera zoom to focused view when aiming

---

## [2020-01-24 15:11] eso

After studying this prototype further here's where I can add some value
- textures and gfx look dirty investigate why and fix
- AR tag on weapon needs to draw in front of geometry
- Ammo Status on weapon is sized wrong - make it look better
- When a targetable is lined up in the recticle make the reticle turn red
- When the camera approaches a targetable in the reticle, make it snap to the target
- Make the interact prompt for the NPC camera facing. consider attaching it to the camera
- take a look at the hint bar treatment - refine visually?

---

## [2020-01-27 10:14] RPVR

meeting with Khoi later

---

## [2020-01-27 10:29] RPVR

Following up with Christian

---

## [2020-01-27 10:29] eso

Sprint planning today. What would I like to work on?
- work with Jason to build out and validate the HUD work in Unreal
- Integrate pre-existing HUD parts (compass, squad, etc) into Unreal environment to understand layout issues/opportunities
- Unify ARIS with Character Customization. I have an idea for ARIS that I think can work well with the radial menu scheme and layout in Character Customization
- PAN/AR Mode exploration - functionality, overview, usage (?)

---

## [2020-01-27 11:01] RPVR

I came across an interesting document for Cat VR (PVRR) It was a parody document for a design studios process but is actually a pretty go0d guide for constructing a synopsis

NEXT
- construct a presentation template in Google Slides to match the PVRR synopsis
    + how much of this structure can I use to guide my own work
- Integrate UE4 with Oculus Rift-S
- Reach out to MAX for stakeholder interview
    +  discuss his work on content SDK draft user stories
    +  how can I help?

---

## [2020-01-27 12:33] eso

Sprint planning was a bit indeterminate, but it looks like my initial focus will be on what were being called "interact points" - I think this is in reference to general worldspace marker presentation in world. I expressed an interest in examining this in Unreal, and will build upon the sandbox project Jason sent over

NEXT STEPS
- study the UE4 sandbox project to understand how its been constructed and how it works

---

## [2020-01-27 12:46] eso

Here's my tasks for the first part of the Sprint
Interact Point attractors (~first half of sprint)
- Make sure that players know what they can interact with, without it being too “task list-y”
- Dependent on the AR Rules Updates (Jason)
	Dave will send use cases soon! (Dave)
- Build out some of these into UE4, atop Jason’s sandbox

---

## [2020-01-28 08:50] eso

Travel to ZOS next week. Max sent out the itinerary
Reached out to David for use cases mentioned for the Interact Point attractor task. He will follow up with me later, which gives me time to study the UE4 project

---

## [2020-01-28 11:12] RPVR

collating my notes from phone calls with Olaf and Khoi. Looking to refine the questions I ask for expediency and insight

SAMPLE SURVEY QUESTIONS

How easy was it to group up with other players and form a team?
- Extremely easy
- Somewhat easy
- Somewhat difficult
- Extremely difficult
- I did not group up with other players

Is there anything that you would change to make grouping up easier?
- text entry

How is your group encouraged to stay together and work together?
- text entry

What could be done to better encourage grouping up and working together?
- text entry

Did you feel that you and your team were fighting together as a unit? Or more like a collection of individuals, each with their own objectives?
- fighting together as unit
- fighting as collection of individuals

How did the game deliver narrative and story to your entire group? Or did it only deliver the story to you as an individual?
- text entry

Do you have any additional thoughts or comments?
- text entry

Do you have any suggestions on improving the playtest/feedback process?
- text entry


SAMPLE SURVEY QUESTIONS
1. What is the one thing we must get right to make this game’s UX/UI worth undertaking?

    Formally, we must understand the role of multiple presentation layers in the world and in the front end, and must know when, why and how to exploit these patterns fluidly. Put another way, we need to understand and creatively communicate where the Fourth Wall begins and ends. Thematically, as Jared mentioned, we need to approach our Futurism with an understanding of where the technology came from and extend that to our own fiction.

2. How do you all define success in UX? How are we breaking down the areas of responsibility in order to achieve this success?

    I love when creative work gets to a place where it "writes itself". For this project, I define overall success as constructing a vision that is easy to communicate to the public and our industry. Commercial success to me is profitability and popularity while making a personal connection with consumers. I would love to see our UX/UI inspire this industry the way titles such as Dead Space and Horizon Zero Dawn captured my imagination.

    Empathy, Scalability, Accountability and Serendipity are the criteria by which I measure success. Good UX doesn't try to be all things to all people - rather, it has a point of view. That point of view emerges as a synthesis of each of these criteria. As creators within our own disciplines, we see the product differently than our customers, and differently than a journalist or someone in community support. Without identifying those other viewpoints, we fall into the trap of the "elastic user" and speak to no one. 

    Similarly, part of Good UX is identifying patterns through research and observation while supporting the creative pillars of the game. At this early stage, the onboarding materials, games designs and prototyped behaviors we examined are a huge step forward for ZOS in presenting a coherent and inspiring vision to a particular group of "users" - content creators and developers. One challenge ahead of us will be to broaden this footprint.


3. What aspects of the internal culture or external environment could put this game’s UX/UI at risk to fail?

    I wanted to take what he had done and add to it! Then see if he liked it! Watching Dave work through game mechanics using the ESO engine seemed very practical to me, but also suspicious. This methodology raised red flags, having used it before as a designer. For me, the ESO system is a closed box which is hard to open. For a UI designer (or any artist) to draw a rectangle onscreen (for example) takes multiple people and a pipeline which is overkill for that designer's needs and purposes. However the new rendering system may be months or years away. Investing time in ESO-style development may be a sunk cost that creates a bottleneck around creativity while promoting a hands-off approach. 

    I feel that a switch to an Unreal-based work environment needs to be prioritized. ZOS has become very familiar with the features and limitations of an existing system but I do not feel that using this system until a finalized new system comes along is the right way to "Think Different" or think long-term. It is important for UX/UI people (and other creators)  to "get skin in the game" so we can better work with our Art, Design, Engineering and Animation teammates. 

    Secondly, I really like the documentation style the team has adopted.  Its great to see such a strong emphasis made on presentation and graphics I keep asking myself, is reliance on Confluence for capturing this type of documentation problematic? Unless documentation is created in Confluence itself, embedded links do not remain live, and worse - are not searchable. Perhaps there is a distinction to be made between documentation for production and preproduction. I can't help looking at alternative solutions such as Google's ecosystem of Docs, Sheets, Slides and so forth, which are broadly used for collaborative document creation, 

4. Assuming we mitigate that risk, what would exceed your wildest dreams?

    Designing within the delivery system offers context and control to a broader audience and a broader group of creators. There are of course other design processes and artifacts. Interactive visualization capability is just a tool. But what an amazing tool! As a designer and developer, I've found great value in mobile dev and webdev processes in which the authoring environments are largely the same as the delivery environment, leading to faster experimentation, easy sharing, more iteration and quicker course correction.

    My hope is that UX/UI can help inform and inspire the design effort and identify behavioral and presentational issues early on. Just once, I would love to avoid overdesigning :) 

    Its not so much a matter of getting it right or wrong, but rather getting to next steps, and informing those steps better. Fior example, traversal, targeting and ability usage are a couple of high frequency areas which rely on layered behaviors from multiple systems (animation, design, engineering, art, UI. There is nothing like seeing this all happening at once in context; being able to "touch" the design as a whole. It lets a designer shift perspectives and think like someone else - an engineer, an artist, a director, a debugger, etc..

    At its best, UX/UI shapes the perception of a product - how it is experienced. How I would love to be able to work directly with a game designer or engineer - to build on their work even as they build on my own - to realize and perhaps even inspire their thinking about their own work

---

## [2020-01-28 12:00] RPVR

I am thinking that initially my conversations with Laurent can be supported if I send him sections of mind maps and other visually focused research as I do it, rather than as some final document. If I send him material ahead of time, it will be easier to stay on focus and keep discussions constrained to actions

---

## [2020-01-28 12:42] RPVR

This map is looking more interesting and connected after working on it for a while. I've captured my conversations w Olaf and Khoi, and also extracted some generalized questions for my next conversations

NEXT:
- setup conversation with Max
- setup conversation with Niall
- setup converstion w Jake


What is your role at Redpill?
Why did you join Redpill?
Describe the MVP Event
    - Who is this for?
    - What can we learn from this?
    - What are the risks?
What is Redpill selling?
Who is the competition?
Who are our partners?
What are you working on today?
What do you want to achieve in the next 4 months?
Name an important thing that this project must accomplish?
What aspects of the internal culture or the external environment could put this project at risk?
How do you define success?
What would exceed your expectations?

---

## [2020-01-28 12:45] eso

David sent over a number of Interact point use cases. Takling a look at that material

NEXT
- collate use cases into single list
- can you find representative examples of these cases in existing research

---

## [2020-01-28 13:42] RPVR

contacted Jake by email to setup interview

---

## [2020-01-28 13:43] eso

Hi everyone,
Gary’s working on the UX and UI for Interact Point Attractors this sprint. To get him started, I wanted to throw a few use cases his way to get him started. Here are the ones I can think of right now.



- Speak to a character
- Open a container
- Pick up a Resource
	Resources are broken down into materials the player will give to armorers and gunsmiths to turn into equipment. This whole process still needs design.
- Interface with a computer system
	This isn’t a “terminal,” strictly speaking, but a designated spot in gameplay where the player engages with a feature
	Examples:
		Customize their drone, apartment, armor, weapons, etc.
		Browse a store’s catalog
		Access their Feed
			(we were calling this the Mission Terminal earlier – it’s an access point in their apartment where we show them relevant content for the progress in the story, contracts, stuff for sale, etc.
- Engage with a Fast Travel station
- Access “Lore” – we don’t know what these are yet exactly, but they work the same way Skyrim’s books do: They provide some back story and lore about a part or aspect of the world
- Pick up and carry an object. This is for objects too large to fit in their inventory – the player will need to use both hands here. These objects haven’t been designed yet.
- Enter a vehicle (or hop onto a mount like a Tauntaun or something). This hasn’t really been designed yet either.
- Find a vendor
- Open a door
- Pickup Loot
- Pickup ammo
- Pickup Health consumable

---

## [2020-01-28 14:25] eso

updated presentation template for data capture. What are the points to go over with Jason ?

Context
Manage expectations - discuss what I expect to present tomorrow
- use cases categorized by visual posture and maybe other criteria?

What would Jason like to see?
- rules for display and engagement

Ideation
When there's some experience to be had "inside" the interactable (a UI mode, a list, a dashboard, a content viewer), the camera takes on a life of its own and pushes forward to frame the UI

Auto pickup vs Intentional pickup
What if I'm sprinting or running by
- Some interactables (consumables, ammo) pickup automatically when you pass by
- Some interactables present a prompt for further usage
- Some interactables respond to proximity as a trigger (an NPC or vendor profile, for example)

Interaction marker parameters include:
- What triggers visible/hidden state
- Secondary animations as attract loops
- Geometry state (outlined, highlighted, hidden (?) )
- World state (visible grid, paths, decals)
- Marker posture (camera facing, world orientation, placed on screen, placed in world, distance scaling)
- Narrative conceit (AR tag, Hologram)
- Camera behavior (pushes in to look closer when entering trigger volume, reframes when player opens UI)
- Visible on compass?
-


take a look at what's going on in the storyboards and animatics
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/KES/Animatic+1+-+Game+Intro

Its not just markers - there's hiliting around geometry
There are camera movements (potentially)
How does proximity relate to visibility?
How about hidden objects revalable only by scanning

Star Wars Fallen Order - Drone behavior is somewhat autonomous it seeks out things for you to find.

NEXT
check confluence under Narrative -Animatics

---

## [2020-01-28 15:57] eso

NEXT
- review animatic and see if and where the use cases mentioned are expressed
- categorize spreadsheet by marker parameters
	- maybe spreadsheet is expressed better as a map?
- locate reference materials

---

## [2020-01-28 20:54] eso

took another look at Sprint Planning notes to be clear about what's being requested.

Gary
Interact Point attractors
	- Make sure that players know what they can interact with
	- Without it being too “task list-y”
Dependent on the AR Rules Updates
Dave will send use cases soon!
Build out some of these into UE4, atop Jason’s sandbox

How do I know when I can interact with something in the game?
It shows a marker
It shows a label
It is highlighted
It is outlined
Something else points at it
The camera frames it
The environment around it emphasizes it

How can I interact with entities in the game?
- Target it
- Shoot at it
- Approach it
- Wait for it after it signals
- Take action when prompted
	- Equip it
	- Hold it
	- Inspect it
	- Collect it
	- Purchase it
	- Speak to it
	- Open a gameplay feature

Collect
Converse
Equip
Grab/Hold
Inspect
Launch feature
Purchase

Approach
Enter area
Gaze
Shoot
Target
Wait for it

---

## [2020-01-28 22:24] eso

added some research notes to powerpoint document

---

## [2020-01-29 07:45] RPVR

I'm unable to access the gmail account that was created for me and followed up with Christian and Jake. I will reach out to Jake for stakeholder interview today. Prior to that I will get in contact with Nghia Lam, who is the person I think I hung out with at the after party during the tech summit

---

## [2020-01-29 07:56] RPVR

reached out to Nghia Lam with introductory email

---

## [2020-01-29 07:56] RPVR

When is Laurent back in the office. I need to speak with him about goals and expectations. I want to be able to share the mapping I've been working on with him to show my thought process. I also need to speak about my current pain points in getting up to speed with the project.

---

## [2020-01-29 08:29] eso

continuing work on interact point spreadsheet
P3 identify KESTREL example from animatic
P1 identify rules

NEXT
P1 complete 1st draft spreadsheet
P3 browse through reference materials for game examples

---

## [2020-01-29 09:17] eso

Pivoting a bit
Describing the types of markers is more important right now that filling in the spreadsheet. Get that material identified and stub it in to the presemtation over blank frames

---

## [2020-01-29 11:06] eso

finished adding posture examples and definitions to presentation
shared work in progress spreadsheet on email thread
continuing to flesh out details of this speadsheet.

At a minimum I want to show a screenshot of the work in progress
Ideally, I want to show a map, or formatted report from this dataset

---

## [2020-01-29 12:07] eso

continuing to flesh out details of the interact points spreadsheet. Will wrap that up in 15m the add to powerpoint doc

P1 identify rules and conditions to complete 1st draft spreadsheet
P3 identify KESTREL example from animatic
P3 browse through reference materials for game examples

---

## [2020-01-29 12:37] eso

formatting speadsheet in powerpoint

---

## [2020-01-29 12:45] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-01-29 14:35] RPVR

gmail account is up and running

---

## [2020-01-29 16:05] RPVR

Slack is up
Redpill
URL: redpillteam.slack.com
Email: gary.boodhoo@redpillvr.com

---

## [2020-01-30 11:23] RPVR

starting to chat casually w people at LA office
Nghia reached out to me and share art direction documentation and project plan for MVP show
I asked him about setting up the demo locally to get that conversation started

---

## [2020-01-30 11:25] eso

studying the UE4 project. Perhaps more out of curiosity than anything else.
Travel itinerary for next week's studio meetings was sent over
Chatting w David about ESO Valentines promo
Meeting with Jason and Roy about Equipmen5t/Inventory screen
- are these the same things?
- If not, how come?

looking thru tHVAULT for any existing design

---

## [2020-01-30 22:34] eso

studied UE4 project to better understand how its working. I have the broad strokes, but its surprisingly specific. Make it a point to step through it with Jason next week. I've gotten a general sense of how the player character works. Have not looked at the NPC interactions or markers.
- how are the markers animating?
- how is the NPC profile being shown and hidden?
- how is the secondary animation of the UI content working

NEXT
- review next week's work agenda
- start generating content examples (gfx)
	- its a good idea to attmpt simplifying these interactions into diagrams, but will be better to do that in parallel with making gfx
- sketch out storyboards for a few of simplest use cases
- I was thinking of capturing gfx in Unreal. Its important to use 3D content
	- could I use Tilt Brush instead?
	- is there another tool i can use for sketching that lets me import or use wire-frame type content?
- research sketching options
	- Tiltbrush: is it possible to import content? What kind?

---

## [2020-01-30 22:44] RPVR

Worked with Tim Welsh to get P4 and the Unreal development environment setup
I got in touch with James (Fader) to talk about what he wants to do as a VJ and the challenges & aspirations he's facing. We set up a hangout for tomorrow
I read up a bit on James and started taking notes for our conversation
         
NEXT
- get in touch w Laurent and setup a chat about my current status
    - initial payment we agreed upon is overdue
x meeting with James (Fader)
- follow up w Tim on environment setup status
    + verify by runing the SV_Sunset projec t again
        + The project opens, but when I run it there's a black screen
        + I can see the Unreal viewer starting up in my headset but it stalls
        + I can see some network and CPU activity
- Product meeting with Nghia & Christian
    + this is where I expect to get specific problems stated and we work to understand my role

---

## [2020-01-31 12:09] RPVR

met with James and took notes. He's pretty eager to do a simple button and slider based solution for VJ'ing in Virtual space. Also, his activity strictly will take place in virtual space - he's not controlling the exterior environment

This is my first example of a disconnect between the needs of a stakeholder with a UI environment

I need to get a bit more back story on this matter though. Its not clear to me why what he's requeting can't be prototyped directly in Unreal? For my part all I can do at the moment is sketch it out in VR space using:
- Tilt Brush
- Blocks
- Medium
- Sketchbox

---

