# Raw Entries for November 2020

**Total Entries:** 189
**Projects:** His Portfolio, eso, garyboodhooworld, profile

---

## [2020-11-01 17:37] eso

spent much of the day doing cleanup and refinement of the XD project

---

## [2020-11-01 18:53] eso

completed layout and composition for EQUIPMENT-WEAPONA

---

## [2020-11-02 07:27] eso

building out equipment list scroll sequence now
meeting w David & Jason at 10a

---

## [2020-11-02 08:27] eso

making some last minute adjustments before duplicating

---

## [2020-11-02 08:54] eso

completed some edits to menu header, which replaces draft layout from last week

---

## [2020-11-02 09:18] eso

added structure for support icons on slot component label


P1 rebuild prototype w updated components
P1 refine Mod Effect Status
P2 PREVIEW/EQUIPMENT TESTING PAGE
P2 MODS LIST
P3 EQUIPMENT FEATURE PAGE (for hotlinking)

Behaviors I'd like to demonstrate at the review this week
Replacing an equipped item
Replacing a Mod
Comparing Items
Comparing Mods

---

## [2020-11-02 10:39] eso

good meeting that hilighted what the guys at ZOS are prioritizing
its all about the MODS
that's where I need to be placing my attention

specificially
COMPARING MODS
EQUIPPING MODS.

We came up with some interesting use cases:

I want to see cumulative effect of all equipped MODS

I want to see contribution of total by my selected MOD

I have a MOD that positively affects one stat, and negatively affects another stat

I have all 6 of my MOD slots filled with MODS that cumulatively don't affect my weapon at all (they counterbalance each other)

I have 2 plasma pistols and a single sighting MOD equipped on pistol A
I am working with Pistol B and want to assign my sighting MOD to this weapon instead

---

## [2020-11-02 18:28] eso

continuing to build out components and layout for the prototype. Have not yet addressed the MOD-related use cases from earlier today.

Updated ammo counter to be more useful I think.
Addressed Davids comments about defocusing/de-emphasizing the AR-annotations on player character

Now, at last... building w legos.

---

## [2020-11-03 09:16] eso

resized ammo counter to fit PAN-LINK

---

## [2020-11-03 10:38] eso

finished some cleanup on PAN-LINK initial screen

---

## [2020-11-03 10:43] eso

% Prototype rebuild. How much of this can I complete in 2h
x EQUIPMENT LANDING
P2 EQUIPMENT DETAILS
	- maybe this can be the proposed EQUIPMENT FEATURE template?
P2 BROWSE MODS
P2 ASSIGN MODS
P2 EQUIPMENT LIST
P2 COMPARE WEAPONS
P2 COMPARE MODS
P3 TEST WEAPON PREVIEW

---

## [2020-11-03 11:41] eso

working on EQUIPMENT DETAILS

---

## [2020-11-03 14:36] eso

working on BROWSE MODS
some dependency on EQUIPMENT DETAILS
- what are the keybinds when I land on EQUIPMENT DETAILS
	- from PAN-LINK
	- from EQUIPMENT LANDING

---

## [2020-11-03 22:51] eso

I'm working through interaction design and layout for BROWSE MODS and MOD ASSIGN. I spent time looking at the layout wondering how to clean it up for the Mod-related use cases I'll spend my time on tomorrow.

NEXT
EQUIPMENT LIST

---

## [2020-11-03 22:52] eso

If necessary. Defer working on Equipment listing to focus time on MOD ASSIGN

---

## [2020-11-04 06:36] eso

rebuilding EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON A w new components

---

## [2020-11-04 08:26] eso

completed 1st pass of EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON A
refining some material before duplicating for EQUIPMENTLIST WEAPONB
- reduce exaggerated height of all MOD effects on STATUS gfx (so that it can be emphasized when focusing on the selected MOD)

---

## [2020-11-04 09:50] eso

I've modified the UX for FEATUREDITEM
I've modified the layout for PREVIEW AND TEST and integrated it into the prototype
I've replaced weapon assets with better ones

I am about to duplicate my work on EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON A to EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON B

---

## [2020-11-04 09:59] eso

added EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON B-1 and integrated w prototype. looks solid.

---

## [2020-11-04 10:24] eso

finished integrating EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON B
building out COMPARE WEAPONS A with new components

x ADD WEAPONB DETAILS
x ADD HEADGEAR DETAILS

---

## [2020-11-04 10:53] eso

figured out interim solution for sticky DETAILS and COMPARISONS
causes the equipment slots to show only populated items though

---

## [2020-11-04 10:55] eso

building out COMPARE WEAPONS A with new components

---

## [2020-11-04 11:34] eso

worked out better flow for empty slot during DETAILS and COMPARISONS
building out COMPARE WEAPONS A with new components

---

## [2020-11-04 12:14] eso

finished COMPARE WEAPONS A
spending my remaining time on refining MOD assignment
I will not be able to address the use cases posed to me explicitly, but I believe the edits I've made can be used to do so.

---

## [2020-11-04 12:31] eso

adding COMPARE MODS

---

## [2020-11-04 14:17] eso

presentation went well, everyone is eager to see the solution to MODS
We've set up a meeting to go over the solution I invent.

Where have I previously fallen short in my understanding of this content?
- collate the issues that David & Jason & I have talked about
- cleanup the existing layout. Its not where I want it, but it is close to being there.
- collate a list of weapons in the XD project
	+ what are their stats?
	+ how are they being affected by MODS
	+ replace secondary STAT values with percentage scaled values instead of the default 9999x spacefiller in use
	+ collate a list of weapons being used in the prototype
		* better gfx are better, but I also need consistence
		* which items will show progression when assigning MODS (mods change the item profile)

---

## [2020-11-05 16:30] eso

the existing XD prototype doc is getting too heavy to work with easily. I'm moving content into a new project

---

## [2020-11-05 21:33] eso

I've updated the secondary stats layout to support better comparison readout. Much cleaner
I've updated the Profile component layout, also much cleaner.
I've brought in the page header and related components

x 1 transfer page footer and related components
P1 1 transfer MOD list and related
P1 3 rebuild MOD BROWSE sequence from INVENTORY2910
P2 1 make a list of the weapons and MODS I'm modeling
P3 3 review notes to come up with some use cases to demonstrate

-- at this point I'll have a more controllable and cleaned up version of where I'd previously was. What can I demonstrate with this structure?

---

## [2020-11-05 22:48] eso

added page footer
rebuilt keybind icons as a component

---

## [2020-11-05 22:59] eso

transferring MOD list from INVENTORY2910

---

## [2020-11-05 23:23] eso

reviewing my notes

How does this MOD affect my weapon (specific benefit)
How do all equipped MODS affect the weapon (cumulative benefit)
priority is to allow easy A/B status

USE CASES

METASTABLE
I have a weapon with 2 MODS equipped that negate each other's contribution
MOD1 +50%
MOD2 -50%

COOPERATIVE
I have 2 electrolaser pistols
I have a Sighting MOD that can be used by either weapon

---

## [2020-11-06 08:14] eso

added artboards and gamepad interactions for demo
filling in the artboards with component layout

---

## [2020-11-07 11:44] eso

I am finishing the work I presented yesterday. My goal is to hand off a well formed and XD file to Jason that addresses the use cases and behaviors we discussed for mods

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
adding a unique focus element to amplify presence of focus state and make the presentation feel nicer

---

## [2020-11-07 12:02] eso

rebuilding the PROFILE component. weird offset in the default state, unable to figure out why, so...

---

## [2020-11-08 10:55] eso

Everything is more object oriented now. Let me see if I can rebuild what was presented on Friday.

---

## [2020-11-08 11:44] eso

recreating the equipment instances
Lightning25-22
P199 Soylo
Hardcase
Claw
Headgear

---

## [2020-11-08 15:00] eso

I've been working on comparison details. I think I've got a reasonable "negative effect" scenario worked out

---

## [2020-11-09 06:35] eso

prepared and sent out ZOS invoice

---

## [2020-11-09 10:10] eso

successfully refactored work in progress to avoid "component complexity" warning from XD. The layout didn't necessaril;y need those bits to be components after all, yet its frustrating that they couldn't be. At the moment there's a hard limit to the complexity of any design system due to the way Adobe is apparently handling the component feature.

Anyway though, once I reduce some additional chaff tghis project should be even lighter and more workable

---

## [2020-11-09 11:13] eso

finished object profile component
Updating MOD description component

---

## [2020-11-09 12:03] eso

SCRUM
I commited to the group for presenting the feature team ready design doc this week. We're meeting on Thursday instead of Wednesday.

---

## [2020-11-09 12:28] eso

updated MOD profile

---

## [2020-11-09 12:33] eso

what's missing?
- EQUIPMENT LIST
- WEAPON ART

---

## [2020-11-09 17:57] eso

collating final weapon art. using screenshots of sketchfab models for everything except Lightning25-22. I have ZOS renders of different states of the weapon progression

P199 Soylo
Hardcase
Claw
Lightning25-22
Emissary Helmet

---

## [2020-11-10 07:21] eso

I'm assigning specific Laser pistol images to the Mods previously designated

---

## [2020-11-10 08:17] eso

P&M Area Roundtable meeting
Jason's current work includes building an IMGUI version of the Equipment screen with Zach. My work on the equipment screen was called out as a "huge feature"

https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/KES/Competitive+Teardowns

---

## [2020-11-10 08:35] eso

continuing to correlate Lightning25-22 gfx with MODS
adding detail to MODS spreadsheet to make it more useful and will include this in my own documentation

---

## [2020-11-10 09:11] eso

worked out a progression flow for Lightning25-22 with support gfx
continuing to build out Equipment List

---

## [2020-11-10 11:00] eso

I've built out a final candidate for the Equipment List

---

## [2020-11-10 11:47] eso

I'm building out the Loadout Menu

---

## [2020-11-10 12:40] eso

finished recreating Loadout Menu

NEXT
rebuild MOD select
rebuild MOD inventory

---

## [2020-11-10 14:29] eso

finished rebuilding MOD select

---

## [2020-11-10 15:16] eso

building MOD inventory list

---

## [2020-11-10 16:47] eso

continuing to iterate on MOD representation. I've added placeholder icons representing the different parts of a weapon a MOD can be assigned to. This will make it possible to represent the dynamic slot assignment idea we've talked about

---

## [2020-11-10 18:26] eso

replaced MOD slots w iconography on Object Profile component for each weapon

---

## [2020-11-10 23:08] eso

rebuilding MOD flow from previous

---

## [2020-11-11 08:12] His Portfolio

I am starting to work on a 30 minute presentation for GitHUB Universe through CODAME.

Session Title:
IMAGE GARDEN

Description
I make pictures of minds using computers. In this talk I will show science fiction cave paintings that were synthesized from artificial intelligence, art history, and photography. I will speak about how I exploit the biases inherent to neural networks as an artist and walk the audence through my working methods.

To ensure all presentations are available for the conference as a backup precaution, all speakers are required to send their final presentations to bdemott@github.com by Tuesday, December 1. Please be sure to include your first and last name in the naming convention for your file. Do you agree to send your presentation by that date?


x - Sign and return the attached Speaker Agreement
x - Fill Speaker Info Doc Form. Content will be used on the website and in the lower-thirds added to performances.

Nov 12 - Fill Technical Survey. Helps us determine whether setup is ready for recording.

Nov 12 - Schedule your recording time. 45-90 min session between Nov 17-20 to  record your session. Our production team will be recording your session using VMIX. The first half of this time slot is a tech check, and the second half is recording the session. Could be done as fast as 45 min but there's a buffer for technical issues.

Nov 20 - Review the Speaker prep sheet (attached). Let us know if there are any questions.

Dec 1 - send final presentations to bdemott@github.com

Dec 8-10 GitHub Universe Conference

---

## [2020-11-11 08:12] garyboodhooworld

I am starting to work on a 30 minute presentation for GitHUB Universe through CODAME.

Session Title:
IMAGE GARDEN

Description
I make pictures of minds using computers. In this talk I will show science fiction cave paintings that were synthesized from artificial intelligence, art history, and photography. I will speak about how I exploit the biases inherent to neural networks as an artist and walk the audence through my working methods.

To ensure all presentations are available for the conference as a backup precaution, all speakers are required to send their final presentations to bdemott@github.com by Tuesday, December 1. Please be sure to include your first and last name in the naming convention for your file. Do you agree to send your presentation by that date?


x - Sign and return the attached Speaker Agreement
x - Fill Speaker Info Doc Form. Content will be used on the website and in the lower-thirds added to performances.

Nov 12 - Fill Technical Survey. Helps us determine whether setup is ready for recording.

Nov 12 - Schedule your recording time. 45-90 min session between Nov 17-20 to  record your session. Our production team will be recording your session using VMIX. The first half of this time slot is a tech check, and the second half is recording the session. Could be done as fast as 45 min but there's a buffer for technical issues.

Nov 20 - Review the Speaker prep sheet (attached). Let us know if there are any questions.

Dec 1 - send final presentations to bdemott@github.com

Dec 8-10 GitHub Universe Conference

---

## [2020-11-11 08:12] profile

I am starting to work on a 30 minute presentation for GitHUB Universe through CODAME.

Session Title:
IMAGE GARDEN

Description
I make pictures of minds using computers. In this talk I will show science fiction cave paintings that were synthesized from artificial intelligence, art history, and photography. I will speak about how I exploit the biases inherent to neural networks as an artist and walk the audence through my working methods.

To ensure all presentations are available for the conference as a backup precaution, all speakers are required to send their final presentations to bdemott@github.com by Tuesday, December 1. Please be sure to include your first and last name in the naming convention for your file. Do you agree to send your presentation by that date?


x - Sign and return the attached Speaker Agreement
x - Fill Speaker Info Doc Form. Content will be used on the website and in the lower-thirds added to performances.

Nov 12 - Fill Technical Survey. Helps us determine whether setup is ready for recording.

Nov 12 - Schedule your recording time. 45-90 min session between Nov 17-20 to  record your session. Our production team will be recording your session using VMIX. The first half of this time slot is a tech check, and the second half is recording the session. Could be done as fast as 45 min but there's a buffer for technical issues.

Nov 20 - Review the Speaker prep sheet (attached). Let us know if there are any questions.

Dec 1 - send final presentations to bdemott@github.com

Dec 8-10 GitHub Universe Conference

---

## [2020-11-11 08:24] His Portfolio

completed and submitted the speaker survey

---

## [2020-11-11 08:24] garyboodhooworld

completed and submitted the speaker survey

---

## [2020-11-11 08:24] profile

completed and submitted the speaker survey

---

## [2020-11-11 12:46] eso

I'm not satisfied with the meter styling for MOD comparisons and am iterating further on that before assembling everything

---

## [2020-11-11 13:20] eso

I've landed on a workable solution. Need to test further. Promising though. This version of the design is going to be awesome.

---

## [2020-11-11 16:46] eso

After much iteration I've settled on a working design that I'm about to integrate into the Object Profile component

---

## [2020-11-11 18:23] eso

I'm getting too caught up innn thinking through use cases that I'm not clearly visualizing. best thing to do is to build out the MOD assignmennt flow from last week with the new parts

---

## [2020-11-11 21:13] eso

completed initial layout and interactions
MOD BROWSER
MOD1 INVENTORY
MOD2 INVENTORY

NEXT
x update Object Profile stats for each focused MOD
x add MOD1 COMPARE flow
add MOD1 REMOVE flow (remove selected MOD)
add MOD1 ADD flow (after removing selected MOD, slot no longr corresponds to MOD type, so show a list of Mods of different types, sorted by Tier)

---

## [2020-11-11 23:25] eso

I've updated the OBJECTPROFILE stats for each focused MOD and iterated further on the comparison solution once I was able to interact w the various states. Much simpler than I imagagined. I think its good. I think its communicating what it was asked.

adding the comparison +/- flags

x COMPARE MOD2
Create ADD MOD flow
	seperate from BROWSE/ASSIGN flow
	demonstrate scrolling thru long list

x ADD WEAPON GFX to BROWSE/ASSIGN
ADD SLOT TAGS TO WEAPONS (to match conceit on the EQUIPMENT LIST)
CREATE
PAN-LINK
LOADOUT
EQUIPMENT LANDING
WEAPONA DETAILS
WEAPONB DETAILS
AMP DETAILS (EMPTY)
HEADGEAR DETAILS
EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON A
EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON B
COMPARE WEAPON A

---

## [2020-11-12 07:12] eso

added COMPARE MOD2
adding weapons to screen

---

## [2020-11-12 08:46] eso

x MOD BROWSER
x MOD1 INVENTORY
x MOD2 INVENTORY
x MOD1 COMPARE
x MOD2 COMPARE

P1 ADD MOD
P1 MOD SLOT TAGS
P2 METER ANNOTATION
P3 PAN-LINK
P3 LOADOUT
P3 EQUIPMENT LANDING
P3 WEAPONA DETAILS
P3 WEAPONB DETAILS
P3 AMP DETAILS (EMPTY)
P3 HEADGEAR DETAILS
P3 EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON A
P3 EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON B
P3 COMPARE WEAPON A

---

## [2020-11-12 08:51] eso

building out ADD MOD flow

---

## [2020-11-12 09:12] eso

working on ADD MOD flow
including NEW! signifiers to apply that system to MODS as well as EQUIPMENT

---

## [2020-11-12 09:35] eso

completed 1st pass of ADD MOD flow
updating MOD profile text
updating keybinds

---

## [2020-11-12 09:39] eso

Maybe add Sorting feature
Building out a version w Items sorted by Quality instead of Type

---

## [2020-11-12 10:03] eso

completed arranging MODS by Quality instead of type

---

## [2020-11-12 10:28] eso

completed ADD MOD Flow

x ADD MOD
P1 MOD SLOT TAGS
P1 METASTABLE EQUIPMENT
P2 METER ANNOTATION
P3 PAN-LINK
P3 LOADOUT
P3 EQUIPMENT LANDING
P3 WEAPONA DETAILS
P3 WEAPONB DETAILS
P3 AMP DETAILS (EMPTY)
P3 HEADGEAR DETAILS
P3 EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON A
P3 EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON B
P3 COMPARE WEAPON A

---

## [2020-11-12 10:29] eso

working on MOD Slot TAGS

---

## [2020-11-12 10:55] eso

ADDED MOD
after completing the MOD slot tags I want to build out the ADD MOD flow a bit further to show that
- when I select a MOD, the slot it is placed inn only shows MODS of that type
- If I've already selected a MOD and add another slot, the inventory list I see excludes MODs of the type that were lready selected.

in broader terms - asiging a MOD filters the list of MODS available for other slots

---

## [2020-11-12 11:41] eso

completed MOD SLOT tags

working on ADDED MOD

---

## [2020-11-12 11:59] eso

completed draft ADDED MOD SLOT 1
working on ADDED MOD SLOT 2

---

## [2020-11-12 18:21] eso

Doing an experiment with Apple-inspired framing. Same as what I've seen in some of Sprung's work.

---

## [2020-11-13 09:21] eso

The framing experiment is forcing the use of contrast to be more intentional. I'm working through some visual iterations on existing work.

The plan is to style the components and see how they fit together

---

## [2020-11-13 12:03] eso

whats missing from the design?
Mo one has asked for these examples, but for the sake of completeness its important
Maybe these should be classified as seperate tasks however? or subtasks?
MOD Library Page
AMPS Profile
AMP MOD Assignment

I'll need the AMP profile for documentation purposes. The MOD assign behavior isnt any different than what has been designnned already

The MOD Library page... I had identified some value for it, annd expressed that to David. I don't think ZOS is necessarily focused on this detail. However... I think it can be expanded as a generalized form of inventory.

---

## [2020-11-13 18:30] eso

moved ammunition counter into working space. Applying framing spec to it

---

## [2020-11-14 08:50] His Portfolio

completed technical survey
scheduled time for video recording
1:00pm - 2:30pm, Monday, November 23, 2020

---

## [2020-11-14 08:50] garyboodhooworld

completed technical survey
scheduled time for video recording
1:00pm - 2:30pm, Monday, November 23, 2020

---

## [2020-11-14 08:50] profile

completed technical survey
scheduled time for video recording
1:00pm - 2:30pm, Monday, November 23, 2020

---

## [2020-11-14 10:16] eso

updating Equipment List to seperate funnction of Slot gfx and slot label for clearly.

An item gallery view can be tagged as "NEW", meaning that this slot contains a new entry in its inventory list. The "slot" represents the current index of an inventory list. The conntainer has no inherent notion of "quality" or "level" of other equipment related factors. It's ownn functionaliy can include:
NEW
CALL TO ACTION (add prompt)
LOCKED

The label IS the item. It has a type, it has a name, it can be "equipped" or "assigned"it can have any equipment related property:
EQUIPMENT TYPE
EQUIPMENT NAME
EQUIPMENT LEVEL
EQUIPMENT PROGRESS
IS-EQUIPPED?

---

## [2020-11-14 10:47] eso

What are you working on right now?
I'm simplifying the SLOT LIST and updating the design. I will then add the framing system to it.

After that, I want to create a copy of same, and call it out as an EQUIPMENT LIST

After that I want to import the exiting LOADOUT flow and integrate w updates to the vertical menu.

P1 VERTICAL MENU
	x SLOT LIST
		- inactive slot plz
	- EQUIPMENT LIST
	x MENU LIST (for LOADOUT)
P1 LOADOUT
P3 GLOBALID
	- align Global ID layout to better conform to 4-columns
	- replace percentage value for health/energy with integers

---

## [2020-11-14 18:46] eso

started working on the EQUIPMENT LIST. Shouldn't take long to complete the update as its mostly the same as the SLOT LIST

After that, I'll start building the LOADOUT flow
I have some concerns about the project become heavy when I start moving assets into it, and would be a good idea to make some duplicate artboards to see how it performs
One strategy may be to create seperate projects for various parts of the prototype. Maybe that's a best practice, but I would prefer to avoid doing so if possible.

---

## [2020-11-15 11:05] eso

housekeeping. removing chaff layers

Its important to state the goal of the Wednesday presentation clearly now while there is time to act with purpose. First of all, you need to recognize that the design has arrived. Beyond the refactoring, the prototyping,m the analysis and all of that, this is the outcome. And its good ennough to work and adapt.
You've been deeply committed to making a model in XD. Even now, you're doing non-design tasks in XD to prep for building out the prototype.
Two things.
1. The prototype is important. Its the value I'm adding. Think of it as a way to (1) generate images for annnotation (2) show examples of states (3) show sequences (4) provide working example.

2. The Packaging is the most important. This is the deliverable. Does it need to be as comprehensively presented as the NAV-ASSIST and QUEST-TRACKER documents? Are those overly detailed?

3. Before beginnning the presentation deck state the MVP requirements for this document clearly. What does it need to do? Who is it for?

---

## [2020-11-15 11:45] eso

work in powerpoinnt?
work in XD?

if XD then I'll need to rebuild my powerpoint layout and will also need to test the output. The effort to do so would only be justified if I presented sopmething interactive instead of a design document. I think its a much better idea to work in Powerrpoint as before. The layouts there have been refined through multiple iterations already and used as deliverables.

---

## [2020-11-15 13:29] eso

added EMPTY state for slot items

88877

---

## [2020-11-15 13:51] eso

created artboard for VERTICAL MENUS

x VERTICAL MENUS
	x LOADOUT
	x EQUIPMENT SLOTS
	x EQUIPMENT LIST
EQUIPMENT PROFILES
	x WEAPON
	x ARMOR
	- AMP
x MOD SELECT
x MOD ARRAY
MOD SLOTS
	x ACTIVE
	- EMPTY
	x LOCKED
	x SELECTED
	x FOCUSED
x MOD PROFILE
COMPARISONS
	PRIMARY STATS
	SECONDARY STATS
GLOBALS
	GLOBAL ID
	HINTBAR

---

## [2020-11-16 09:33] eso

I'm organizing the parts of the design in seperate artboards for annotation

---

## [2020-11-16 10:31] eso

I'm building the MOD ARRAY template

---

## [2020-11-16 10:45] eso

added additional affordance and contrast to SELECTED state

---

## [2020-11-16 10:59] eso

completed update to MOD BROWSER. Raises these questions:
What does the MOD header read when browsing an ACTIVE slot?
What does the MOD header read when the ACTIVE slot is EMPTY?

---

## [2020-11-16 11:27] eso

Fully worked out the details of MOD Browser and validated in prototype

x VERTICAL MENUS
	x LOADOUT
	x EQUIPMENT SLOTS
	x EQUIPMENT LIST
EQUIPMENT PROFILES
	x WEAPON
	x ARMOR
	x AMP
x MOD SELECT
x MOD ARRAY
MOD SLOTS
	x ACTIVE
	- EMPTY
	x LOCKED
	x SELECTED
	x FOCUSED
x MOD PROFILE
COMPARISONS
	PRIMARY STATS
	SECONDARY STATS
GLOBALS
	GLOBAL ID
	HINTBAR

---

## [2020-11-16 12:05] eso

meeting with Jason in about an hour to go over AMP selection and MODIFICATION flow

I'd identified this as a need, and my expectation is that I can use the identical mechanism for equipment modification here and that the more extensive part of the design is the AMP profile.

create AMP profile browse/assign stub flow
evaluate

While active this system will automatically reload before ammo is depleted

---

## [2020-11-16 14:40] eso

meeting w Jason went well. Keep going. But finish building out the AMP flow in more detail first, seeing as you're already inside of it

---

## [2020-11-16 17:00] eso

updated LIST design to incorporate slot count and New status flags better. The intention is that a player can know how many items are in the slot inventory.

Updated LIST design to incorporate slot clount and NEW status flags better. A player can know how many items are being carried. Is this actually relevevant though? Its important to know wherer the NEW items are, and the slot counter seems like it derives from that need.

---

## [2020-11-16 17:18] eso

Interesting. There's a distinction to be made between NEW status of a SLOT (which represents an inventory) vs a THUMBNAIL (which represents an item)

---

## [2020-11-16 22:41] eso

updating previous MOD SLOT FILTERING flow to use revised component parts

---

## [2020-11-16 23:03] eso

duplicated Quest Tracker FTR doc as the new presentation template.

---

## [2020-11-16 23:21] eso

completed ADD MOD flow
working on REMOVE MOD flow

---

## [2020-11-16 23:30] eso

completed REMOVE MOD flow
working on FILTERED SLOT

---

## [2020-11-16 23:58] eso

Completed FILTERED SLOT

NEXT
finalize MOD1 INVENTORY
finalize COMPARE MOD1 INVENTORY
finalize MOD2 INVENTORY
finalize COMPARE MOD2 INVENTORY

---

## [2020-11-17 08:07] eso

dedicate the next 3h to rebuilding the prototype with new parts
at 11a, shift focus to deck production

---

## [2020-11-17 08:44] eso

working out details of ASSIGNED state for EQUIPMENT & MOD PROFILES

---

## [2020-11-17 08:49] eso

finished working out details of ASSIGNED state

---

## [2020-11-17 09:47] eso

completed rebuilding:
BROWSE EQUIPMENT MODS
MOD1 INVENTORY
COMPARE MOD1 INVENTORY
MOD2 INVENTORY
COMPARE MOD2 INVENTORY

---

## [2020-11-17 10:02] eso

EQUIPMENT PROFILES
	x WEAPON
	x ARMOR
	- AMP
COMPARISONS
	PRIMARY STATS
	x SECONDARY STATS

---

## [2020-11-17 10:58] eso

continuing to rebuild the EQUIPMENT flow
reverting some work I'd done yesterday on the NEW flag & Slot Count. Its too complicated. I worked out a better solution earlier this AM which uses the list header to show the slot count of the focused item

---

## [2020-11-17 11:34] eso

x EQUIPMENT LANDING
x EQUIPMENT DETAILS
x EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON A
x COMPARE WEAPONS A
x EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON B
PAN-LINK
LOADOUT

---

## [2020-11-17 15:06] eso

finishing up EQUIPMENT LIST, replacing gfx assets

---

## [2020-11-17 15:17] eso

replaced EQUIPMENT LIST gfx assets
update primary & secondary stats for:
x P199 Soylo
x Hardcase
x Claw

building out COMPARE WEAPONS A

---

## [2020-11-17 17:03] eso

completed COMPARE WEAPONS A
building out EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON B

---

## [2020-11-17 17:16] eso

completed EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON B (just the first artboard in the flow, which I'll use to show sorting order of equipment lists)

---

## [2020-11-17 17:16] eso

taking a look at the PAN-LINK doc that Aniva put together to see how far I may need to conform my own layout

---

## [2020-11-17 17:32] eso

Need to make some edits to PAN-LINK, but keep it simple. No need to add framing. Treat it as de-emphasized - anbother state from elsewhere in game, not the subject of the design

---

## [2020-11-17 21:31] eso

I expected rebuilding the prototype to take a few hours but it took all day and I need to begin production on the presentation deck. I don't expect to have a full presentation but just knowing how many slides it is would be good.

TONIGHT
x PAN-LINK
x LOADOUT
x ANNOTATIONS
Writeup DESIGN OVERVIEW
Review prior presentations to help determine content

---

## [2020-11-17 22:24] eso

completed update to PAN-LINK
working on LOADOUT flow

---

## [2020-11-17 23:26] eso

working on loadoput flow
updating ANNOTATION design

---

## [2020-11-17 23:43] eso

finished updating ANNOTATION design

---

## [2020-11-18 00:13] eso

finished updating LOADOUT

NEXT
Update EQUIPMENT LIST DETAIL with new ANNOTATION
Write DESIGN OVERVIEW
Review prior presentations to determine content
Export Test for layout

---

## [2020-11-18 08:11] eso

I'm off to a good start
Updated the formatting of the presentation template to be black on white
Verified export from XD to Powerpoint
Created GALLERY and ANNOTATION pages for screen templates
- Opening the Equipment Screen (from PAN-LINK)
- Loadouts
- Landing Page
- Equipment Inventory
- Equipment Comparison
- Mod Browser
- Mod Inventory
- Mod Comparison

For purposes of presentation what more can I include?
What are the questions we've explored in detail?
MOD comparison
MOD slot assignment and filtering
Browse AMP MODS
Assign AMP MODS

---

## [2020-11-18 08:18] eso

I'm adding gfx of the cyberbnetic arm to the Browse AMP MODS artboards

---

## [2020-11-18 09:03] eso

finished adding gfx and annotation to AMP MOD assignment flow

---

## [2020-11-18 09:15] eso

continuing to export content from XD into powerpoint

---

## [2020-11-18 09:32] eso

This is the content I'll present today
TEMPLATES
- Opening the Equipment Screen (from PAN-LINK)
- Loadouts
- Landing Page
- Equipment Inventory
- Equipment Comparison
- Mod Browser
- Mod Inventory
- Mod Comparison

COMPONENTS
- Vertical Menu
- MOD Array
- Equipment Profiles
- Mod Profiles

ONBOARDING
- Design Overview
- Prototype Overview

---

## [2020-11-18 10:27] eso

STATUS

OVERVIEW
PROTOTYPE INTRO
OPENING THE SCREEN
EQUIPMENT LANDING PAGE
LOADOUT PAGE

The Equipment Screen represents equippable game objects visually and statistically. Players use this slot-based screen to manage, modify and compare Weapons, Amps and Armor. Equipment configurations may be stored and recalled as Loadouts.

Goals
provide object-based representations of player-equipment for communicating physicality and progression

How much must a player see before deciding what to do next? Employ progressive disclosure to manage complexity and reveal equipment details on demand

---

## [2020-11-18 12:35] eso

I'm not ready to present today. I notified the team and asked Max to schedule a breakout session for tomorrow or Friday. I feel like I have 8-10h more work to finalize this release candidate

---

## [2020-11-18 13:13] eso

Scheduled presentation for tomorrow (Thursday)
I spoke about why to the team, and I thinkits OK. Some nice comments regarding my earlier work came up in a different chat, so that was nice.

---

## [2020-11-18 16:32] eso

I'm trying to locate the PS4 controller gfx previously used

---

## [2020-11-19 06:40] eso

presentation is coming along well. I have a much better sense of the content now and am presenting to a group at 12p. For the moment my goal is to enter as much content as possible. Organize and refine afterward. If there's a need for a new gfx  or visual element, it would be best to sketch it out and update the sketch on a later pass.

---

## [2020-11-19 07:55] eso

x OVERVIEW
x PROTOTYPE
x OPENING THE EQUIPMENT SCREEN
x LOADOUT MENU
x EQUIPMENT MENU
x SLOT ANATOMY
x SCROLLING
x INVENTORY MENU
x INVENTORY MENU ANATOMY
x EQUIPMENT PROFILES
EQUIPMENT COMPARISON
WEAPON MOD BROWSER
WEAPON MOD INVENTORY
AMP MOD BROWSER
GLOBAL FEATURES
MOD PROFILES
MOD COMPARISON

---

## [2020-11-19 08:12] eso

The deck is more clearly defined, and I continue to build out content. I'm still fixating on details on this pass though. Picking up the pace

completed SCROLLING

---

## [2020-11-19 10:19] eso

continuing to work on the INVENTORY MENU and INVENTORY MENU ANATOMY

I won't be content complete for presentation later today, but I have a lot to show. I expect to get partway into Weapon Modification by 12p. Realistically, I have another full day of production on this to be content complete. I can use this meeting for evaluation and course correction however as well as field requests for specific details.

At the meeting I'll also demonstrate the method for AMP MOD assignment that I'd previously shown Jason.

I also want to call out that I'll be sharing the prototype I built the design from as well as the the XD files, which can be integrated with After Effects, Illustrator, Photoshop, etc.

---

## [2020-11-19 10:40] eso

completed INVENTORY MENU ANATOMY
starting on EQUIPMENT PROFILES

---

## [2020-11-19 11:26] eso

completed EQUIPMENT PROFILES

---

## [2020-11-19 13:07] eso

meeting went well. Some excellent feedback

1. place Equipment notes in a repeatable array around Player Character, so that you always know that the "slot on the far right" is an AMP slot. MNodern Warefare uses a scheme like this, as does the Division. Tbh those ofther games use that scheme as interactable elememts as well

2. Further work on LOADOUT MENU. Work through some use cases for better insights. At a minimum though show Loadouts as (unsaved, or use color coding to indicate "dirty" state)

3. Sort Mod inventory by Type then Quality
4. Don't hide non-valid MOD types when a slot is assigned to a particular type. Instead, grey out the unassigned contentg and push it to the back of the list

---

## [2020-11-20 15:21] eso

continuing production on the Equipment Screen design document. Yesterday's review was favorable and useful. Next immediate step though is to bring the doc to a content complete state before making the changes to the design that we spoke about

EQUIPMENT COMPARISON
WEAPON MOD BROWSER
WEAPON MOD INVENTORY
AMP MOD BROWSER
GLOBAL FEATURES
MOD PROFILES
MOD COMPARISON

Working on EQUIPMENT COMPARISON now

---

## [2020-11-20 17:38] eso

Haven't yet touched EQUIPMENT COMPARISON
broke out Profiles to a dedicated pages for Weapon, Armor and AMP Profiles
Did some design iteration on the Armor Profile page, which I'll follow through for the other pages

---

## [2020-11-21 10:19] eso

updated WEAPON PROFILE
updated ARMOR PROFILE

---

## [2020-11-22 15:30] eso

updated GLOBAL FEATURES and added content about usage of RS for scrolling/rotating

---

## [2020-11-22 15:39] eso

working on EQUIPMENT COMPARISON

---

## [2020-11-22 17:24] eso

completed EQUIPMENT COMPARISON
added PASSIVE EQUIPMENT COMPARISON

---

## [2020-11-22 17:38] eso

completed PASSIVE EQUIPMENT COMPARISON
feels like there's so much more to go, but I've finished detailing the Equipment related functions

---

## [2020-11-23 08:55] eso

continuing to work through the deck for content completion.
At this rate, I'll be content-complete by end of day and will then make the design updates to Loadouts and MOD inventory that we discussed last Thursday. Following that I'll spend the time making the prototype more user friendly.

I don't want to add new artboards, but I can do more to make it a content delivery system
- highlighting the keybinds available at the moment
- adding an annotation layer on keypress (?)
- including a Start Screen for prototype(s) discussing its goals, simple onboarding about the controls

I will also be delivering the XD source files

I will use the Asset Browser for posting my deliverable
I will also include link on  channel


CONTENT COMPLETE
EDIT
EQUIPMENT DIAGRAM
	- Loadout
		+ Slots
			* Slot Inventory
				- Items
					+ MODS
Create AMP PROFILE
	- add AMP assignment flow to Prototype
	- create AMP SLot Inventory List w gfx Assets

Update AMP Inventory flow/layout
	- show non-valid items as greyed out/de-emphasized/segmented from primary choices, but also selectable
		+ How does this affect MOD comparison?

---

## [2020-11-23 11:08] eso

I need to make edits to the MOD flow before I can finalize the slides in the deck. I'll try capturing my thoughts in the annotation text though

---

## [2020-11-23 11:56] eso

Spoke w Greg Donovan. My contract won't be renewed after December. Its not unexpected. I've expected this moment every 3 months or so for the past 4 years. We've been working on UX for a while and I guess mission mostly accomplished. ZOS has hired 2 UX people, an engineer and a designer for the KESTREL project, so they have the coverage they need. Its possible I may be asked to work on ESO, which would be great, but I'm not expecting that. End of an era.

---

## [2020-11-23 12:07] eso

Deliverables should be posted to the asset browser

---

## [2020-11-23 12:18] eso

meeting w David & Jason at 2p
completed MOD MENU

x EQUIPMENT COMPARISON
x WEAPON MOD BROWSER
WEAPON MOD INVENTORY
MOD PROFILES
MOD COMPARISON
AMP MOD BROWSER
GLOBAL FEATURES

---

## [2020-11-23 12:26] eso

Ah, the meeting w David & Jason is a follow up to the news about my contract

---

## [2020-11-23 14:19] eso

ok. that's interesting. I really appreciate David & Jason reaching out to me personally. They surfaced the idea of joining ZOS fulltime for KESTREL, also mentioned that ESO may have additional work I can continue on as a contractor (which I had also wondered). There's a lot to think about. They both had very kind things to say about working with me and Jason actually told me that I lived up to my reputation.

---

## [2020-11-23 14:51] eso

updated MOD INVENTORY text
slide needs new graphic
- show a longer list of MODS of different types                                - show empty MOD Slot index 1

---

## [2020-11-23 15:12] eso

updated MOD INVENTORY text
slide needs new gfx
- show a longer list of MODS of different types
- show empty MOD Slot index 1

---

## [2020-11-23 15:41] eso

updated MOD COMPARISON text
slide needs new gfx
- show a longer list of MODS of different types
- show empty MOD Slot index 1

---

## [2020-11-24 10:53] eso

working on MOD PROFILE slide

---

## [2020-11-24 11:00] eso

Sent to David and Jason
Hey guys, thank you for reaching out to me personally. The crisis this year has turned out to be a great filter for what matters. Returning to a salaried position at ZOS is a fantastic opportunity and I hope that we can talk about that further. Put another way - I just don't feel like I'm done working on the product!

---

## [2020-11-24 12:23] eso

added editorial to MOD PROFILE
adding annotation

---

## [2020-11-24 15:18] eso

added INDIVIDUAL & CUMULATIVE EFFECTS slide
slide needs new gfx for 3-up or 4-up layout
- show a longer list of MODS of different types
- show empty MOD Slot index 1

---

## [2020-11-24 17:04] eso

updated Primary Stat metering scheme and validated in prototype. Its simple.

---

## [2020-11-24 20:44] eso

Rebuilding object profile component with new Secondary Stat metering scheme
Range
Reload
Recoil
Handling

---

## [2020-11-24 21:56] eso

completed NUMERIC MOD READOUT


WEAPON MOD INVENTORY
	- needs updated gfx
HISTOGRAPHIC READOUT
AMP MOD BROWSER
update layout for Weapon EQUIPMENT NOTES
update layout for MOD EQUIPMENT NOTES
update layout for MOD INVENTORY
create new slide MOD SLOT PRIORITY
	- this slide discusses the dynamic prioritization & filtering of MOD slots when populated
	- dependent on updating the MOD Inventory layout and validating in prototype
editorial review
export as PDF
export main prototypes to Creative Cloud, get links
	- cleanup and update later
upload PDF to asset browser
post update to Slack

---

## [2020-11-24 23:28] eso

completed 1st draft layout and editorial for HISTOGRAPHIC MOD READOUT

NEXT
finalize HISTOGRAPHIC READOUT
- create MOD value use cases
- update gfx

 PRODUCTION
x HISTOGRAPHIC READOUT
P1 AMP MOD BROWSER
P1 AMP PROFILE
P2 update layout for Weapon EQUIPMENT NOTES
P2 update layout for MOD EQUIPMENT NOTES
P2 update layout for MOD INVENTORY
P3 create new slide MOD SLOT PRIORITY
	- this slide discusses the dynamic prioritization & filtering of MOD slots when populated
	- dependent on updating the MOD INVENTORY layout and validating in prototype
P3 update LOADOUT MENU
	- UX sketch for recent thinking on this
	- write down the details of the sketch
	- update the slide
P3 editorial review


 DELIVERABLE
P1 export as PDF
P1 upload PDF to asset browser
P2 post update to Slack
P3 export main prototypes to Creative Cloud, get links
	- cleanup and update later

---

## [2020-11-25 07:57] eso

completed HISTOGRAPHIC MOD READOUT

---

## [2020-11-25 08:16] eso

conformed NUMERIC MOD READOUT layout to match HISTOGRAPHIC MOD READOUT
starting editorial for AMP MOD BROWSER

---

## [2020-11-25 08:47] eso

adding Armstrong Assault AMP to EQUIPMENT MENU in the prototype

---

## [2020-11-25 09:04] eso

updated EQUIPMENT MENU w new gfx and editorial

---

## [2020-11-25 09:09] eso

finished gfx updates to AMP slot

Let me write down my idea for Loadouts before I start working on it.

Loadouts are used to organize equipment assignments

I have 2 loadouts: Red and Blue
For the Red loadout, all my equipment is colored red
For the Blue loadout, all my equipment is colored blue

I begin the game with my Red loadout

I pick up a green item and equip it.
This Modifies my Red Loadout, which is now called Red (Modified)

Why did I go to the Loadout Page?
- I might want to save my new equipment config as a new loadout
- I might want to update current (Red)
- I might want to revert to my Red loadout, where I have all red equipment again

DESIGN
- show "modified" label after loadout name in equipment menu
- on the Loadout screen make the name of the currenty loadout big/obvious
- Menu should read:
	+ FIERCE
		- X: update
		- XX: revert
	+ Save

---

## [2020-11-25 10:25] eso

I've updated the LOADOUT flow in the prototype and am ready to export that material to the deck

I've created a graphic showing fixed placement of Equipment Notes for Player Actors and Weapon Actors

 PRODUCTION
x create EQUIPMENT NOTES slide to show fixed positions
x AMP MOD BROWSER
x AMP PROFILE
x update layout for MOD INVENTORY
KS create new slide MOD SLOT PRIORITY
	- this slide discusses the dynamic prioritization & filtering of MOD slots when populated
	- dependent on updating the MOD INVENTORY layout and validating in prototype
KS editorial review


 DELIVERABLE
P1 export as PDF
P1 upload PDF to asset browser
P2 post update to Slack
P3 export main prototypes to Creative Cloud, get links
	- cleanup and update later

---

## [2020-11-25 10:59] eso

completed EQUIPMENT NOTES slide

---

## [2020-11-25 12:16] eso

completed AMP MOD related documentation.

---

## [2020-11-25 12:22] eso

Updating layout of MOD inventory in the prototype

Sight
Frame
Stock
Barrel
Magazine
Grip

---

## [2020-11-25 12:58] eso

completed updates to MOD inventory and updated deck.

ready to present

---

## [2020-11-25 13:31] eso

Presentation went well. Its comprehensive. priority is to export and share deliverable now

---

## [2020-11-29 16:26] eso

I'm going to do some work on building out an AMP profile.
I'm going to generate user friendly prototypes:
- equip item
- equip MOD
- feature entry
- EQUIPMENT
	- scrolling
- MODS
	+ scrolling
	+ categorization

---

## [2020-11-30 08:28] eso

what's preventing you from posting that work?
- unfamiliarity w asset browser
- prototypes aren't ready for distribution

---

## [2020-11-30 08:29] eso

spending a bit of time w Asset browser
-ah - will require reinstall of Cisco VPN

---

## [2020-11-30 08:56] eso

great - I'm back on ZOS VPN

---

## [2020-11-30 09:06] eso

logged into asset browser successfuly
http://zos-tart002.obj.dev.zos:81/

---

## [2020-11-30 09:07] eso

am i able to upload a PDF
- NAV ASSIST
	+ Jason uploaded this doc to http://zos-tart002.obj.dev.zos:81/ !/browse?key=9876520469
- QUEST TRACKER
	+ Jason uploaded this doc to http://zos-tart002.obj.dev.zos:81/ !/browse?key=9995915346

TO-DO:
go thru all documentation I've created and upload to the asset browser. Dedicate a day to this

---

## [2020-11-30 09:35] eso

what can I present on Wednesday
- finalized LOADOUT flow
- updated prototype suite
- map reference

what can I do to make that happen
- think through and document the LOADOUT lifecycle and flow
- can prototype be created/edited to demonstrate those findings?

project optimization
x can a single XD file including prototypes be created for distribution?

- seperate components in XD doc to seperate "components page"
- create seperate self-contained demonstrations of features as mini-prototypes
- design mini-prototypes for an audience w accessibility and onboarding or annotation
- export and test prototypes on creative cloud
- share XD file(S)

---

## [2020-11-30 09:40] eso

figuring out if I can combine my work into a single file or if its better to use seperate files. seperate files are the way to go, but make distribnution a little bit more difficult. I think as long as those files are tagged similarly it would be fine, and perhaps they can be distributed as a .zxip archive

SO I'm working on seperating the components from the artboards now

---

## [2020-11-30 10:25] eso

located the World Map design brief Jason posted and stored locally for review later

---

## [2020-11-30 11:27] eso

after a bit of experimentation, now I understand the source/library workflow for local documents

---

## [2020-11-30 12:12] eso

I've linked the OBJECT PROFILE
working on linking slot-color code and needed to do some layout update

---

