# Raw Entries for July 2020

**Total Entries:** 125
**Projects:** His Portfolio, RPVR, eso, garyboodhooworld, profile

---

## [2020-07-01 09:59] eso

adding annotation layer to QUEST2340 before posting to ZOS. Jessica asked me to let her know when I do.

NEXT
Write out the story told by the experience map as a paragraph

---

## [2020-07-01 10:08] eso

updated data table to include updated value

---

## [2020-07-01 11:44] eso

My mentor directed me to a Secret Weapon, which turned out to be a bigger deal than he knew. Led me Uptown where trouble had already arrived. Before heading there I reviewed my inventory and found a mod blueprint requiring component X to fabricate. I made a note of it and tracked the location PAN suggested.

I arrived uptown. The Mayor was missing. Found him, and found myself with new obligations. Part of the job. A signal relay went offline as I happened by. Stolen batteries. Stupid. I found the thief and replaced them.

Meanwhile the situation Uptown was getting weird. The Mayor had misplaced a star. An actual star. How...? I followed the story to the Design District. I was feeling anxious so I ran a Maintenance mission before getting back to work.I only hoped I wasn't too late.

PAN signaled me. She'd intercepted a vague transmission near my current position. I'm the only one around. The signal relay wasn't an isolated case. I began monitoring the situation. Now what about that missing star...

---

## [2020-07-01 12:29] eso

I've broken up this story into duplicate map slides. I want to update the map and build up the details as the story unfolds.

---

## [2020-07-02 07:50] eso

completed annotation for QUEST2340.

---

## [2020-07-02 08:36] eso

revised QUEST2340 to include story information on map walkthru
I had previously done some work on HUD-COMPASS and HUACKER that I can incorporate into QUEST2340 in the next hour, then I'll transfer the docs to ZOS

---

## [2020-07-02 11:14] eso

transferred work to ZOS. Started further iteration on HUD-COMPASS and iconography I'd completed in 2340. Refining that for inclusion in next update.

---

## [2020-07-02 11:56] eso

revised deck to include compass iconography and behavior

---

## [2020-07-02 11:58] eso

update posting to ZOS and notified Jessica with location

NEXT
HUD-OBJECTIVES

---

## [2020-07-05 16:57] eso

reading throug Jason's design brief for nav-assist, setting up presentation and reviewing prior documentation. Some unexpected ideas. In particular - the idea of a 3D compass emanating from the drone instead of overlayed on the world. I don't necessarily believe this is a feasible option, but it reminds me a lot of the controls in GoogleEarthVR, which I'm going to check out in a moment and grab some reference

---

## [2020-07-06 11:44] eso

good conversation with jason earlier. A braindump of NAV-ASSIST feature. It's definition is a bit vague right now. There are different contexts and priorities though that I think I can elaborate on further to help define this system more clearly, and perhaps more broadly establish a better framework (or way of thinking, or rules, etc) for overall player experience represented by activity on different "levfels" (of representattion(

That's fancy talk for defining UI behavior in-world and onscreen, as well as understanding deifferent kinds of conceits and strategies for each.

---

## [2020-07-06 12:23] eso

needing to tighten up my vocabulary and restrict the possibilities - but spending time researching and r4eferencing the possibilities in games and elsewhere

---

## [2020-07-06 17:57] eso

studying games and capturing reference. Feels like I've done this before, but perhaps now with greater purpose.

---

## [2020-07-07 13:20] eso

I've been engaged with further gameplay and subject matter study about the nature of AR in general and have been adding my notes to the deck as I go. After looking at Detroit Become Human agin, I think I'll have done all the research I need? There may be some value in capturing VR use cases, particularly with passthrough. The GoogleEarthVR menu for sure.

---

## [2020-07-08 17:08] eso

After talking through some of the ideas I've encountered, I'm reminded of the need to express the primary function for NAV-ASSIST, which is pathfinding. Where to go next, what to do with encountered objects. How is NAV-ASSIS different for tracked vs/non-tracked objectives?

We're moving towards a more declarative documentation style, and I think this design can reflect a more rigorous approach on my part, at least until Jason/David are expricit about the acceptance criteria for this kind of documentation

---

## [2020-07-09 17:04] eso

spent several hours researching and capturing from Destiny2 to better understand what I mean by "Interaction Model". I figure that I can reverse engineer this working system to think about what we're building. After playing the game for a while I have a more pragmatic view towards what David is requesting. He literally wants to use the functions of of a front-end map representation, from "inside" the map. So on one hand - this is a different view posture, but

---

## [2020-07-10 09:21] eso

I started a navigation mind map yesterday after researching and observation. Was surprised to see a couple of unexpected map functions and features fall out of that process. Area names, boundaries, Zone names, Focus range, interaction at a distance

---

## [2020-07-10 10:42] eso

What are my next steps?

---

## [2020-07-10 12:27] eso

Don't get bogged down by details. Don't overdesign. DO call out possibilities & facts.

What is the idea?
NAV-ASSIST is a FAST way to look at the map without having to enter a full screen menu. The NAV assisted view is intended to show waypoints. Those waypoints include a subset of the representations I've identified. By centering objectives in view, further information about the target is revealed. Some interactions with the target may be possible from a distance.

Waypoints include behaviors and display states in-world based on proximity and camera point of view.

The next step is to include information specific to Quests

---

## [2020-07-12 18:47] eso

lots of note taking, a bit of soul searching. I captured several subjects as the basis of individual slides to build from. I was not making linear progress by thinking about the gfx styling and representations. I want to reduce this large (now unmanageble) deck into something much simpler that I can actually track my progress towards.

NEXT
x add Testable Criteria Section (don't fill in yet)
x remove all chaff
x update design to 2510

---

## [2020-07-13 08:56] eso

completed editorial pass on overview slide. Reviewing topical material I organized yesterday for further editorial. I want to check the slide topics against the design brief to make sure I am speaking clearly.

NEXT
- create a "tag" for line items called out in design brief
- update slide content editorial text. Each slide should have a tag placed on it. Remove any slides that don't

---

## [2020-07-13 09:59] eso

What are you doing right now?
I'm looking through the brief and identifying concepts, parts and content for the material that Jason called out. I'm tagging each line item.

---

## [2020-07-13 10:16] eso

This is a bit of a different approach to organizing and mapping out a presentation from provided criteria. An interesting development. Let's see how it can be practically applied. My goal is to send out a WIP outline of the deck for validation and further iteration. How long will it take to get to that point? More than 2h?

---

## [2020-07-13 11:27] eso

Well, look at that - some intel is coming out of that tagging process. I can see that this design speaks about Active and Passive experiences and examines the role of NAV-ASSIST during Traversal, Combat, Discovery and the Front End. I've also identified some principles to speak about further, provided granular instructions to myself and determined what to defer.

NEXT
x apply tags to the content slides I created yesterday and reorganize as necessary. My goal is to create an accurate content outline and make sure I'm not leaving anything out. The tagging may help me sequence the slides as well. For now - assume one slide for each paragraph. Don't worry about consolidating them yet.

x share content outline w Jason & David for feedback and to validate design document content.

x UX team standup

---

## [2020-07-13 16:12] eso

continuing to tag map and revise content outline.

---

## [2020-07-13 17:54] eso

Finished tagging existing content. This method is taking longer than expected, at least 3h work remains to produce the coherent content outline I want. I think its a step forward for my process though? Certainly I'm more aware of what's missing too

NEXT
- editorial pass on headlines and subheads for all tagged slides
- add notes to each tagged slide. Describe what the slide shows in 1-2 sentences
- make list of testable criteria for traversal
- make list of testable criteria for discovery
- make a list of testable criteria for accessing front end.
- Make a presentation outline using heads, subheads, descriptions.

TOMORROW
visually consistent asset production
icons
icon states
marker tooltips

---

## [2020-07-14 08:24] eso

I've completed the content outline I started yesterday. Doing some cleanup in the word doc befor sending over to David & Jason

---

## [2020-07-14 10:07] eso

sent content outline to David & Jason

---

## [2020-07-14 10:08] eso

NEXT
update presentation slides to match content outline

---

## [2020-07-14 10:41] RPVR

Working with the team at RedPill again
Organized UI Discovery Meeting w Ollie, Ryan, Jeremy, Christian

Goal: Identify and create a content inventory of UI components by identifying what customers requirements at different stages of the Progression System


DISCOVER
- What is the product?
- Who is this feature for?
DEFINE
- What data do we need to know about the customer(s)
- What do we need to know about the environment(s)
- Name the parts of the interface, where do they live?
- Content inventory
- How can we measure 
IDEATE
- what does a customer need to know?
- what behavior do we expect for a customer
- how to break the experience
- methods for creative collaboration
PROTOTYPE
    - TBD
EVALUATE
    -TBD

NEXT
- work out details of using Sketchbox for collaborative presentation 
- VR play & experience
    + add screenshots & video reference
- Install current build using previous steps
    + may need assistance

---

## [2020-07-14 11:40] eso

getting started for work session 2

RISKS:
I haven't identified what goes on the map yet
I haven't mocked up iconography for map parts yet
The content outline doesn't mention the most recently updated objective
There's too much chaff in the deck
The title slide is still in production

EXISTING
Quest icons and states

NEXT
update presentation slides to match content outline

---

## [2020-07-14 14:03] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
I'm working through the previous definition of HUD-OBJECTIVE and reviewing the visibility conditions. I need to connect that with ENTERING NAV-ASSIST slide

---

## [2020-07-14 14:41] eso

finished defining HUD-OBJECTIVE. A better name for it would be HUD-READOUT. Connects naturally to ENTERING NAV-ASSIST. Thinking about that as astatic presence, as a globally relevant "current/last-updated" is a hard habit to break. HUD-READOUT has a couple of different interaction modes. These are described further in my QUEST design.

The mode I'm interested in for NAV-ASSIST treats HUD-READOUT like a "tooltip" for any WAYPOINT centered in the camera view. Compare this with the behavior when NAV-ASSIST is inactive. When in that case, HUD-READOUT behaves like a
"tooltip" for any WAYPOINT centered in the COMPASS view.

---

## [2020-07-14 14:50] eso

updated REPRESENTATION diagram previously created for import to the deck.

---

## [2020-07-14 15:14] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Collating icons from QUEST doc and styling w color code in targeted and non-targeted states

NEXT
- update presentation slides to match content outline
- show icon state for replayable
- apply style to all previously defined quest-type icons
- figure out frame or gfx element for targeted/focused
- figure out basic panel shapes for
	+ activity
	+ interactable
	+ location
	+ people
	+ service
- locate and place icons on panels
 	+ activity
	+ interactable
	+ location
	+ people
	+ service
- apply icon states previously determined to all icons

---

## [2020-07-14 17:22] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
collating quest icons in Illustrator

---

## [2020-07-14 17:53] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
production art. making sure all the icons i collated in illustrator are all at normalized scale

---

## [2020-07-14 18:42] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW
conforming the deck to the content outline
Verifying controller button assignment in ZOS controller design doc
Looking for diagram or vector style Playstation controller

---

## [2020-07-14 22:26] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW
editorial work on the deck, iterating a bit on the content outline as well

I am concerned that I haven't fully generated the required gfx as I focus on the deck structure and editorial

Consider using existing material from Sprung presentations where possible
3D environment with Structures in the BKG (will the UE4 scene I was working on be OK? for this?. How about the similar marker placement scene from sever months ago?

For each Waypoint I've identified I need a corresponding HUD-READOUT
- I'm copying the HUD-TRACKER from a previous design and will use that as basis

---

## [2020-07-14 23:25] eso

designed HUD-READOUT for NPC WEAPON DEALER

---

## [2020-07-14 23:26] eso

NEXT
- in the next 30m finish conforming deck to the content outline.

---

## [2020-07-14 23:53] eso

designed HUD-READOUT for Story Quest waypoint

---

## [2020-07-15 00:18] eso

created simplified diagram and flow for overlapping targetsn behavior

---

## [2020-07-15 00:39] eso

conformed deck to content outline for LOOKING AROUND section

NEXT
audit document status and create task list for completion
conform DISPLAYING WAYPOINTS section to content outline
gfx production tasks
layout tasks

---

## [2020-07-15 06:16] eso

completed 1st pass on THE DRONE slide. Inserted one of the older Sprung gfx here to illustrate.

---

## [2020-07-15 06:38] eso

completed 2nd pass on THE DRONE slide

NEXT
conform DISPLAYING WAYPOINTS section to content outline

audit document status and create task list for completion
gfx production tasks
layout tasks

---

## [2020-07-15 08:49] eso

completed Drone slide. brought it up to what I'd consider a nicely completed slide.


NEXT
P1 conform DISPLAYING WAYPOINTS section to content outline
P2 get the intro slide gfx built. It will have a full layout of NAV-ASSIST that I can pull from for completing the DISPLAYING WAYPOINT section

- NAV ASSIST screen overlay
	+ Vignette
	+ Reticule
	+ Player Character
	+ Environment

- SCANNING RANGE diagram
	+ use Aniva's design as proxy
	+ change labels

---

## [2020-07-15 09:30] eso

completed closing slide

---

## [2020-07-15 13:13] eso

ready to present


https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/KES/Content+and+Gameplay+Activities

---

## [2020-07-17 09:41] eso

transferring NAVASSIST2510 to HVAULT

---

## [2020-07-17 09:57] eso

sketching out scenario for NAV ASSIST that I thought about last night. There are reasons. But basically - the drone POV becomes the reference. 1st person. Seeing through it.

---

## [2020-07-18 15:53] eso

after investing time in the bkg UE4 scene, I've generated initial camera views for a:
- in-game 3rd person view
- push in on character when NAV-ASSIST triggered
- push in on drone when NAV-ASSIST triggered
(the pushed in cases are intended to behave just like aiming a weapon)
before finalizing these poses do some research into how KESTREL is already doing this form prototype video? If nothing found, how is Destiny or Division2 treating this case?

---

## [2020-07-18 16:39] eso

reviewed some prototype video to reposition and resize the traversal view. created plausible zoomed in view as well as dronecam POV

---

## [2020-07-18 18:35] His Portfolio

working on content strategy guest speaker deck
validated some use cases with zoom - annotation and drawing, as well as confirmed mirroring and display metrics. NJow I just have to collate and oprganize the material

---

## [2020-07-18 18:35] garyboodhooworld

working on content strategy guest speaker deck
validated some use cases with zoom - annotation and drawing, as well as confirmed mirroring and display metrics. NJow I just have to collate and oprganize the material

---

## [2020-07-18 18:35] profile

working on content strategy guest speaker deck
validated some use cases with zoom - annotation and drawing, as well as confirmed mirroring and display metrics. NJow I just have to collate and oprganize the material

---

## [2020-07-19 16:54] eso

doing some refinement to camera setup for better flexibility. Attacking multiple camera rigs to the 3rd person character in order to maintain consistent player POV fopr reference slides

---

## [2020-07-19 18:20] RPVR

capturing my notes as a mind map.
My goal is to:
Identify the stages of the Progression system
Identify what needs to be visible in each stage
Identify simple data structure needs - icons, names, locations, history, etc.
Record the analysis I've previously done.

---

## [2020-07-19 18:20] eso

updated editorial for Waypoints slide

---

## [2020-07-19 23:28] RPVR

reviewed MLD Design document and my previous notes in detail.
Constructed maps from my notes and talking points
Identified stages of the progression system

---

## [2020-07-20 06:52] eso

prep material for discussion w David
- what is the player's stance when activating NAV-ASSIST
	- push in to player as if aiming down scope (3rd person)
	- offset camera position to shift player character from center while keeping 3rd person POV
	- push in to drone as if aiming down scope (3rd person)
	- switch to drone POV (first person)

---

## [2020-07-20 07:47] eso

constructing layout examples

---

## [2020-07-20 09:06] eso

figuring out workflow for consistently sized screenshots from UE4

---

## [2020-07-20 09:10] eso

ok looks like I've worked out a method
setting up drone view captures

---

## [2020-07-20 09:52] RPVR

NEXT
- transfer material from maps into seperate slides
- log time
- create new invoice from old to log time daily
- create subtasks to fill out sections of the design doc
    + wireframes
    + data gathering
    + research and analysis
    + sketching
- find decent persona template and add to the design doc
- create dedicated slack channel
- share documentation in progress
- setup meeting w team to go over posted documentation

---

## [2020-07-20 09:54] eso

created drone capture sequence for demo
looking at no traversal offset use case. this is a situation where character POV is standard traversal

---

## [2020-07-20 10:33] eso

created no traversal offset sequence
looking at 3rd-person Drone use case. This is a situation in which POV has shifted to look at the drone looking at the world

---

## [2020-07-20 11:10] eso

finished creating visuals to review with David

---

## [2020-07-20 11:44] eso

chatting w David at 12:45
creating GIFS to post to DM

---

## [2020-07-20 13:27] eso

apparently unable to meet with David today - reach out to him and suggest we speak tomorrow. Not gated. I can reasonably move ahead with the posture I like

---

## [2020-07-20 17:40] RPVR

continuing to transcribe my notes into 1st draft design doc.

---

## [2020-07-20 20:38] RPVR

Set up meeting to review work in progress and determine next steps for tomorrow at 9a PT

---

## [2020-07-20 20:58] eso

Picked back up with revision to NAVASSIST design

---

## [2020-07-21 11:20] RPVR

review was a bit chaotic, but thats's ok as it uncovered next steps. Initial focis is to be on the part I've identified as the PASSPORT-PROFILE.

meeting w Jeremy a bit later to go over my design analysis and questions in greater detail. In the future, make a distinction betweeen factfinding, ideation and review. The kind of input I need right now is factfinding. The meeting veered off into ideation and without curation and framework for idea capture that is chaos.

---

## [2020-07-21 11:55] eso

I'm revising the full NAV-ASSIST configuration so I can pull pieces of it as needed and have consistent production design for these wireframes

COMPASS
ICONS

---

## [2020-07-21 12:51] eso

color coded icon panels run into issues when showing tracked vs non-tracked. Iconography feels small, multiple signals instead of 1 clear signal. removing color coding

---

## [2020-07-21 13:31] RPVR

Meeting w Jeremy now

---

## [2020-07-21 15:34] RPVR

productive meeting where terms were defined and got to know the man better as well.

Passport Details (Wireframe)
Passport Details (Layout/Flow)
Passport Details (Visual Design)

Notification Template (Wireframe)
Notification Template (Layout/Flow)

Notification Challenge Updated (Layout/Flow)
Notification Challenge Updated (Visual Design)
Notification Challenge Completed (Layout/FLow)
Notification Challenge Completed (Visual Design)
Notification New Rank Achieved (Layout/Flow)
Notification New Rank Achieved (Visual Design)

---

## [2020-07-21 15:35] eso

David wants to go with the "just an overlay version" so need to replace my gfx with that, however I want to discuss the implications of the approaches I looked at.

For example: I'm needing to re-do the "just an Overlay" material to shift the character position to the left to allow for center screen visibility

- create a slide sequence labeled "Stances"
- provide the GIFS I sent David as examples
- include screenshots of:
	+ FOCUS mode: HZD
	+ DETECTIVE mode: Batman
	+ USING THE GHOST: Destiny2

---

## [2020-07-21 17:58] eso

revisited UE4 file and modified lighting (of course). added some measuring guides and placed targets at specific locations for the wireframe. I should be able to return here to use the top down view for accurate measurements in the updated Proximity slide.

The Proximity slide describes:
Character at distance to some objective without NAV-ASSIST
Character at distance to some objective with NAV-ASSIST
use Aniva's crosssection idea for layout

---

## [2020-07-21 18:58] eso

captured data points and text I want to include on the PROXIMTY slide
doing 1st part layout for the chart

---

## [2020-07-21 21:27] eso

This PROXIMITY slide is involved and has me considering visibility rules more thoroughly than before.

---

## [2020-07-21 23:02] eso

completed PROXIMITY slide. solid

---

## [2020-07-21 23:45] eso

NEXT

x prioritize editorial sections
x identify frames for backplates
generate and export SCENARIO backplates
generate and export MEASURE backplates
create/update readouts for all icons in wireframe
- story quest
- side quest
- vendor
figure out focus guide gfx - the same diamond as before?

---

## [2020-07-22 06:07] eso

- What is NAV-ASSIST?
	+ Add full UI-config to SCENARIO-LOOKFORWARD bkg
	x editorial
	+ add annotation to full screen wireframe
- Waypoints
X Proximity
- Location vs Direction
- Activating NAV-ASSIST
- Gated Conditions
- Focus
	focused items always show waypoint label and distance
x Inspecting Waypoints
- Keybind Charts
	+ global
	+ contextual
- Deactivating NAV-ASSIST

Backplates
x SCENARIO-TRAVERSAL
x SCENARIO-LOOKFORWARD
x SCENARIO-LOOKDOWN
x SCENARIO-LEFT1

x MEASURE-5m
x MEASURE-50m

---

## [2020-07-22 06:39] eso

Blocked out each slide for this deck and removed chaff

---

## [2020-07-22 08:06] eso

updated HUD-READOUT for clarity and to incorporate some feedback from last week's QUEST-TRACKER meeting. Need to conform Weapon Dealer NPC readout to new spec

NEXT
x export SCENARIO backplates
x conform Vendor readout to new readout spec
P2 add full UI config to backplates
x design INTERACTPROMPT

---

## [2020-07-22 09:24] eso

finished capturing measurement views

---

## [2020-07-22 11:08] eso

completed INSPECTING WAYPOINTS slide

NEXT
P1 add full UI config to backplates
P2 create keybind chart
P2 editorial

---

## [2020-07-22 13:03] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-07-22 13:53] eso

presentation went. Some small-ish feedback. NExt step is to create the well-formed design document form this work

---

## [2020-07-22 18:16] RPVR

Looking at the work posted on JIRA these are the UI dependencies I've identified.

(Wireframe) Passport Details 
(Layout/Flow) Passport Details 
(Visual Design) Passport Details 
(Wireframe) Notification Template 
(Layout/Flow) Notification Template 
(Layout/Flow) Notification Challenge Updated 
(Visual Design) Notification Challenge Updated
(Layout/Flow) Notification Challenge Completed
(Visual Design) Notification Challenge Completed
(Layout/Flow) Notification New Rank Achieved
(Visual Design) Notification New Rank Achieved

---

## [2020-07-22 18:16] RPVR

taking a look at Adobe XD to see if its as suitable as Illustrator for design purposes.

NEXT
- log time in JIRA
- prepare timesheet for last week
- prepare timesheet for this week
- set up meeting/chat w Christian on how to enter the tasks I've identifies into JIRA

---

## [2020-07-23 07:56] RPVR

doing some housekeeping and preparing some material to go over with Christian about how I'd like to organize my design process for JIRA

x update timesheet
x update JIRA (current tasks)
- update JIRA new tasks
- prepare work samples for discussion w RPVR
    + wireframing
    + layout and flow
    + visual design

---

## [2020-07-23 08:36] RPVR

link to timesheet
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16q3tfx2HlfXzimxNUOVSCiu_ov7IvC32hzz2eUQuaGs/edit#gid=0

---

## [2020-07-23 08:50] RPVR

preparing some material for post to Slack about how I work.
Definitions + examples

---

## [2020-07-23 13:05] RPVR

met w Christian and set up JIRA to match this working model
NEXT
- add subtasks and estimates
- update #daily-tech-art w today's status
- UI sketching for Passport Display

---

## [2020-07-23 17:42] RPVR

I've entered my subtasks to the stories Christian & I created.
Need to add estimates for what I can

---

## [2020-07-23 18:05] RPVR

added task estimates for wireframing the Passport design
added story points for other stories

---

## [2020-07-24 09:01] eso

Feature goals
callouts and annotatiion
Sidebars for states & explanations

Feature teams are the audience for the design documentation.
Goals:
- Coverage. read thru without much hand-holding
- Actionable. team can identify and create tasks from the doc
	+ because scenarios were provided
	+ because rules were provided
	+ because the parts were defined
	+ because dependencies were identified

---

## [2020-07-27 08:28] RPVR

starting on initial wireframing for Passport Details Display

---

## [2020-07-27 12:21] RPVR

continuing to develop some ideas and representations in my sketches

---

## [2020-07-27 14:23] RPVR

I've worked out some ideas and representations in sketched form that are ready to bring into wireframeworld.

---

## [2020-07-27 19:27] RPVR

set up working project file with metrics from ARIS design

---

## [2020-07-27 20:57] RPVR

making some progress transcribing from sketch to wireframe. 1st pass layout ETA 1h

---

## [2020-07-28 01:09] RPVR

recreated my sketches in Illustrator and did a bit more iteration on placement and itemization.

---

## [2020-07-28 07:25] RPVR

added my notes to wireframe deck
finished preparing artboards in AI for export

NEXT
x export gfx from Illustrator to Google Slides
x add annotation

---

## [2020-07-28 08:44] RPVR

ready to present
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18kuqhd6O8P_5XV2EHUCOnNO8gE_chAxoQRUEQFQ8nZ4/edit?usp=sharing

---

## [2020-07-28 14:50] RPVR

presentation went well, especially the idea of categorizing challenges and rewards. 

NEXT
- another iteration of the wireframes to capture feedback and refine presentation & process. I did not have time to use XD for the current work but want to rebuild the AI work in that space for the next one

---

## [2020-07-28 14:53] eso

I'm rebuilding the presentation and seeing how far I can take the editorial. How useful can I make the document? I need to build out some additional content, but not too much. Here's my overall strategy

x content audit
	x confirm there is a slide for every topic listed on the index page

---

## [2020-07-28 15:37] eso

There's more missing content than I expected.

---

## [2020-07-28 16:52] eso

iterated further on NAV-ASSIST design by removing detail.
Updated profile panel layouts

---

## [2020-07-28 18:08] eso

pulling the plug on further design iteration. As I worked on it further I realized that the compass gfx are in the way of the existing scheme. How does HZD handle this use case, or even ESO for that matter. I dont need to solve that now.

NEXT
build out missing content ETA 6h
+ Feature Breakout
+ About Waypoints
+ Location vs Direction
+ Activating NAV-ASSIST
+ Deactivating NAV-ASSIST
+ Looking around
+ Inspecting Waypoints
+ Interacting with Waypoints
	* Track/Stop Tracking
	* View Story

---

## [2020-07-28 23:56] eso

I haven't finalized any the pages identified, although closer to some than others. I've been populating each page with content snippets to get a first draft started on everything except:
+ Looking around
+ Location vs Direction

NEXT
- prioritize tasks
- add draft content to
	+ Looking Around
	x Location vs Direction
- figure out what to say and identify in the Interacting with Waypoints section
x Feature Breakout
- About Waypoints
- Location vs Direction
- Activating NAV-ASSIST
- Deactivating NAV-ASSIST
- Looking around
- Inspecting Waypoints
- Interacting with Waypoints
	- Track/Stop Tracking
	- View Story
		+ don't use specific quest tracker layout - sim(ple box labeled "quest tracker" is fine here

---

## [2020-07-29 09:51] eso

completed Feature Breakout slides

NEXT (ETA 30m)
x finalize Location vs Direction slide
finalize About Waypoints slide

---

## [2020-07-29 11:31] eso

completed Inspecting Waypoints slide
continuing work on About Waypoints slide

---

## [2020-07-29 11:58] eso

completed About Waypoints slide

---

## [2020-07-29 12:20] eso

completed Activating NAV-ASSIST slide

---

## [2020-07-29 12:31] eso

completed Deactivated NAV-ASSIST slide

---

## [2020-07-29 12:45] eso

made a few quick edits, and removed the focus slide, left the interacting with waypoints slide incomplete. Sequenced the stortyboard. Ready to present

---

## [2020-07-30 13:45] eso

presentation and design documentation were well received. I want to do some cleanup and refinement before posting to HVAULT. Timeboxing that for 2h

---

## [2020-07-30 17:28] eso

made some simplification and refinements to layout. Applied to the Waypoints slide, and did some editorial there as well. Also applied to feature breakout slides. Took some notes about repeated presentation patterns. Will apply 4h to this next session

---

## [2020-07-30 17:30] RPVR

transferring my AI work into XD
setup review meeting for tomorrow at 10a, but Christian asked me to move it to 9a then Jeremy had a scheduling conflict, so I've set it to Mon 10a, which will provide me some room to think about this better.

---

## [2020-07-31 10:22] eso

starting another timeboxed editorial session for the NAVASSIST document

- create slides
	P1 Interacting with Waypoints
	P3 Focus
P2 revisions to existing slides
	x Overview
	+ What NAV-ASSIST is
	x Index
	+ Feature Breakout
	+ About Waypoints
	+ Waypoint Visibility at a Distance
	x Waypoint Direction vs Location
	+ Activating NAV-ASSIST
	x De-Activating NAV-ASSIST
	x Inspecting Waypoints

---

## [2020-07-31 12:09] eso

spend 2 more hours on this

---

