# Raw Entries for September 2020

**Total Entries:** 119
**Projects:** RPVR, eso

---

## [2020-09-01 09:04] eso

created alternate displays of rewards.
I don't think its a one size fits all situations.

---

## [2020-09-01 09:31] eso

completed alternate layouts for rewards. Including them in the JOURNAL section works better than I thought

---

## [2020-09-01 09:52] eso

NEXT
I think it is valuable to create a step by step visualization of progressing through a quest. Up to this point we've only looked at the end point of the quest and I think have made some assumptions about screen real estate based on the "full list" condition without looking at the empty list.

I need to update the design spec for all quest types to what I have going for Main Quests
- SIDE QUESTS
- MISSIONS
- TASKS
- LOCATIONS

---

## [2020-09-01 10:46] eso

exporting REWARDS images for sharing w the group on SLACK

---

## [2020-09-01 15:49] eso

created simple clickthru to demonstrate Alt REWARD layouts

WHAT ARE YOu WORKING ON RIGHT NOW?
I'm building a quest LIFECYCLE sequence to demonstrate how the screen behaves from start to finish of a quest

---

## [2020-09-01 16:10] eso

replaced Dark Market story icon/gfx with generic equivalent as a way of starting discussion around that content

---

## [2020-09-01 18:49] eso

Feeling some uncertainty about what to present tomorrow

- demonstrate each of the provided use cases
- demonstrate lifecycle of main quest
- show feature breakouts
	+ ICONOGRAPHY
	+ QUEST LIST MAIN STORY
	+ QUEST LIST LOCATION
	+ STORY LIST
	+ LOCATION LIST
	+ QUEST DETAILS MAIN
	+ QUEST DETAILS MISSION
	+ QUEST DETAILS TASK
	+ QUEST JOURNAL
- show how to enter QUEST-TRACKER
	+ NAV-ASSIST
	+ PAN-LINK
- show how to exit QUEST-TRACKER
- demonstrate Right Scroll behavior
- update design for QUESTSTRUCTURE slide
- create OPENING QUEST-TRACKER slide
- create CLOSING QUEST-TRACKER slide

---

## [2020-09-01 18:55] eso

Ah, OK not uncertain at all. Just a bit overwhelmed. I can't do all of this for tomorrow. What are the priorities?

P1 I need to have content for each Tabbed page up to current design spec.
P2 I need to be able to export material for annotation
P2 I need to write and edit the annotation
- I may be able to present entirely in XD, but would need to export assets from PowerPoint
	+ Easier to switch between XD and Powerpoint during presentation

---

## [2020-09-01 21:06] eso

WHAT ARE YOU WORKiNG ON RIGHT NOW
- updating SIDEQUEST-LIST

---

## [2020-09-01 23:02] eso

revised and simplified keybinds

---

## [2020-09-02 00:04] eso

updated STORYLIST and QUESTLIST for SIDEQUEST page

---

## [2020-09-02 00:39] eso

completed QUESTLISTS and STORYLISTS for all artboards
updated keybinds for all artboards

---

## [2020-09-02 07:44] eso

completed SIDEQUESTLIST

---

## [2020-09-02 08:50] eso

completed MISSIONLIST
at this cadence I can have the design fully updated by 10a

---

## [2020-09-02 09:28] eso

added REWARD entries to MISSIONLIST

NEXT
TASKS

---

## [2020-09-02 10:01] eso

completed TASKSLIST

NEXT
add labels to collapsed location icons

---

## [2020-09-02 10:39] eso

refined layout for progress meters
added location information to all QUEST DETAILS

---

## [2020-09-02 10:51] eso

simplified location info on all QUEST DETAILS

x MAINQUEST
x SIDEQUEST
x MISSION
x TASKS
x LOCATION

---

## [2020-09-02 11:42] eso

All pages in XD prototype conform to current design spec.

I have 45min before presenting. I can do one these:
- demonstrate each of the provided use cases
- demonstrate lifecycle of main quest

---

## [2020-09-02 11:56] eso

cleaned up OBJECTIVE-READOUT on NAV-ASSIST entry page

---

## [2020-09-02 12:47] eso

finished image sequence for LIFECYCLE, need to wire it up for game controller

---

## [2020-09-02 12:51] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-09-03 12:35] eso

sent ZOS invoice

---

## [2020-09-03 15:45] eso

NEXT
- Annotation and design documentation for QUEST-TRACKER in Powerpoint Deck
- encapsulate XD project further using components and other built-in features of the software

---

## [2020-09-07 11:45] eso

I'm reading thru the confluence document Jason posted

---

## [2020-09-07 13:38] eso

updated OBJECTIVES slide to better reflect requirements Jason posted

---

## [2020-09-07 17:41] eso

Whew took a bit longer than expected, but blocked out page for QUESTSTRUCTURE. Need to fill in editorial

---

## [2020-09-07 18:12] eso

Further reefinement to QUESTSTRUCTURE page. replacing

---

## [2020-09-07 20:37] eso

completed QUESTSTRUCTURE page, now renamed TYPESOFQUESTS

---

## [2020-09-08 08:30] eso

The reason I was struggling with the TYPESOFQUESTS page was because I was overlooking 2 significant use cases. Missions are only discoverable through PAN-LINK, and the other - wich I hadn't given much significance to previously - Tasks are creatable on the Equipment Screen, and register on the QUEST-TRACKER

---

## [2020-09-08 08:51] eso

completed TYPESOFQUESTS

NEXT
- ICONOGRAPHY annotation and feature breakdown

---

## [2020-09-08 09:33] eso

working on ICONOGRAPHY slide. Was able to include previous material from NAV-ASSIST to support the documentation. ETA 30m

NEXT
collate Story Quest, Side Quest, Mission, Task icons and states:
Newly Updated
Tracked
Not Tracked
Replay

write summary of iconography usage. Tell them that each quest doesn't have unique icons (although perhaps each story might?). Tell them that these generic icons are used for placement and reference, there's a dependency on art direction and visual design. The NAV-ASSIS design shares the same iconography.

---

## [2020-09-08 09:38] eso

meeting w QUEST team a bit later to go over story and location descriptions

---

## [2020-09-08 14:02] eso

completed layout and editorial for ICONOGRAPHY slide

NEXT
- add and place example of all icons on the ICONOGRAPHT slide

---

## [2020-09-08 17:17] eso

working on feature breakout sections now. Let's define what's needed.

---

## [2020-09-08 22:36] eso

completed FEATURE:PAGED NAVIGATION

---

## [2020-09-09 06:19] eso

first steps are to export and place feature images from XD

x QUEST WRAPPER LISTS
	- story listing
	- location listing
xQUESTLIST
xQUEST DETAILS
xQUEST JOURNAL
xSTORY DETAILS
xLOCATION DETAILS

---

## [2020-09-09 07:08] RPVR

as of yet, nothing. I need to escalate this. Both these invoices were accepted and entered into the billing system (or at least registered on bill.com)

Invoice RPVR-03
Submitted 8/3/2020
Due 8/13/2020
$8283.33
29 days overdue

Invoice RPVR-04
Submitted 8/27/2020
Due 9/7/2020
$8750.00
4 days overdue

NEXT
- writeup a paragraph detailing the situation. forward to Nick & Tom for legal advice

---

## [2020-09-09 08:57] eso

exported and placed artboards for all pageviews with some initial refinement on Story and Location details from yesterday's discussion. That bit is rough. First pass, but content complete

---

## [2020-09-09 09:27] eso

I've exported all gfx into the deck for annotation

NEXT
Annotation
x QUEST WRAPPER MENUS
x QUEST LISTS
x QUEST JOURNAL
- QUEST DETAILS
- STORY DETAILS
- LOCATION DETAILS
- OPENING QUEST TRACKER
	+ from PAN-LINK
	+ from NAV-ASSIST
- CLOSING QUEST TRACKER

---

## [2020-09-09 10:35] eso

completed QUEST WRAPPER MENUS

---

## [2020-09-09 11:42] eso

completed QUEST LISTS
working on QUEST JOURNAL

---

## [2020-09-09 11:51] eso

almost finished with JOURNAL MENU
- need to complete editorial for Sorting Criteria
- need to add entry for Inspecting Journal Items
	+ hot link to Lore Database

---

## [2020-09-09 15:59] eso

Completed JOURNAL MENU
cleaned up existing feature annotation slides

---

## [2020-09-09 16:59] eso

working on QUEST DETAILS

---

## [2020-09-10 08:49] eso

There's too much detail. There are too many slides. Editing material to make it smaller/tighter

---

## [2020-09-10 11:17] eso

rebuilding simplified PAN-LINK layout in XD

---

## [2020-09-10 12:38] eso

completed 1st pass on PA-LINK rebuild.
need to add backplate something similar to NAV-ASSIST gfx?
added in game screenshot. looks great

---

## [2020-09-10 19:47] eso

spent time refining and updating PAN-LINK design

---

## [2020-09-11 08:34] eso

completed PAN-LINK design

---

## [2020-09-11 09:03] RPVR

I sent out an email with request for payment

---

## [2020-09-11 18:19] eso

completed better-formed PAN-LINK layout using same defaults and components as prior work

---

## [2020-09-12 11:27] eso

I've created a well-formed READOUT that works in PAN-LINK, NAV-ASSIST, I'm following up on the possibility of showing the quest list using the same pattern

---

## [2020-09-12 11:41] eso

yes. that works and also makes Story Titles and Quest titles stand out as special. Applying formatting to all. Need to re-export gfx for inclusion in the deck

---

## [2020-09-12 11:59] eso

finalized PAN-LINK layout, added a nearby Task and Mission to the menu there.
I will need to show 2 cases for PAN-LINK
x opening the Quest Tracker screen default
x opening Quest Tracker to show selected Quest

---

## [2020-09-12 12:20] eso

I've updated to icon used for Show on MAp to match what Aniva used in her PAN-LINK design. Continuing to conform existing artboards to updated design spec

---

## [2020-09-13 10:54] eso

continuing to conform work in XD to updated design spec. Then re-export gfx for inclusion

---

## [2020-09-13 15:32] eso

added added MAIN QUEST LIST SCROLL and updated prototypE

---

## [2020-09-14 08:02] eso

adding additional state for PAN-LINK for the prototype

---

## [2020-09-14 08:53] eso

updated PAGED NAVIGATION slide with a description of "tagged as new" in a sidebar

---

## [2020-09-14 16:32] eso

The narrative team wants to rethink ARIS to be less detective mode and more something else. I've been asked to update the Inventory screen design to production quality documentation.

---

## [2020-09-14 17:24] RPVR

I spoke with Laurent who wove a tale of what he described as a "hostile takeover". Apparently related investors are purchasing/have purchased the company or the IP or the assets? Its unclear what he meant. However the Montreal Studio is no longer a part of the LA cohort. Laurent mentioned the term "emergency" several times and the beginning of litigation w the "hostile" company. He also mentioned 3 potential outcomes, which unfortunately I don't recall so clearly. I think they were:
- regain control of the company and continue as before using litigation and additional investment
- take "payment in equity"
    + by which I think he meant some kind of ownership of the new Red Pill business entity.
    + what I meant by this was receive payment in company assets such as gear - computers, monitors, shipping cases, etc.
- I don't remember the 3rd possibility he mentioned

Vexingly, he mentioned specifically that "he was not responsible". Which technically I suppose is correct. He also mentioned that Red Pill has not paid other contractors and suppliers, which I can probably confirm

Even as he said this he mentioned a recent writeup and continued interest in the possibilities of the platform because that's his nature

The tone of the conversation was friendly. Overly so because of my anxiety. I'm so angry about this. No next steps were offered. A vague apology was offered. No timeframe was mentioned.

I've pushed on this by myself as long as I can. I don't know how much leverage I actually have but personal communications aren't efficient or workable in this situation. I don't know if I'll get paid, but I can't just let this go. Its affected my mood and will break my confidence if I don't escalate this

NEXT STEPS
- contact Nick for legal recommendation
- contact Olaf to see what his status is
- contact Max Pruessner (whom I'd met when I visted several months ago) and see if he'll share his perspective on the matter.

---

## [2020-09-15 08:19] eso

continuing work on QUEST2710
exporting new artboards from XD to create storyboard section

---

## [2020-09-15 12:27] eso

Further editorial work

NEXT
create OPENING QUEST-TRACKER slide

---

## [2020-09-15 17:40] eso

for later revison:

the PAN-LINK example shows a side quest as a choice. Showing a mission here instead would support the description in TYPES OF QUESTS slide better

TASKS should include a keybind for ending the task

---

## [2020-09-15 17:50] eso

completed OPENING QUEST TRACKER

---

## [2020-09-16 07:06] eso

working on INSPECTING THE JOURNAL

---

## [2020-09-16 08:43] eso

replacing some older assets in FEATURE BREAKDOWN

---

## [2020-09-16 09:01] eso

updated QUESTMENU added editorial for keybinds
updated STORYLOCATION

---

## [2020-09-16 09:34] eso

completed INSPECT STORY/LOCATION MENU

working on
INSPECT JOURNAL

---

## [2020-09-16 10:20] eso

completed INSPECT THE JOURNAL
added SCROLL DETAILS slide

---

## [2020-09-16 11:06] eso

completed SCROLL DETAILS slide

NEXT
export prototype to HTML

---

## [2020-09-16 11:37] eso

Exported prototype to Creative Cloud
https://xd.adobe.com/view/c9959055-c20a-4572-559b-79f6af9078de-bfa4/?fullscreen
Password
[REDACTED]

---

## [2020-09-16 11:43] eso

finished PROTOTYPE slide

next
x OPENING QUEST TRACKER
x INSPECT STORY/LOCATION MENU
x INSPECT THE JOURNAL
x SCROLL DETAILS
x PROTOTYPE
x export prototype to creative cloud
P2 TRACKING QUESTS
KS REPLAYING QUESTS
KS CREATING TASKS

---

## [2020-09-16 11:44] eso

working on TRACKING QUESTS

---

## [2020-09-16 12:43] eso

completed TRACKING QUESTS

---

## [2020-09-16 12:44] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-09-17 07:17] eso

presentation was well received. I am tasked to bring the inventory and equip documentation up to the same standard

NEXT
- review prototype can I make it better?
- add LIFECYCLE slide
- export PDF
- transfer to HVAULT
- notify on Slack

---

## [2020-09-17 07:19] eso

QUEST-TRACKER-FLOW-1
https://xd.adobe.com/view/c9959055-c20a-4572-559b-79f6af9078de-bfa4/?fullscreen
Password
[REDACTED]

---

## [2020-09-20 14:22] eso

I'm beginning refresh of the inventory screen. Right off the bat I find myself wondering what this screen should be called. At times its been inventory, at times its been the equipment screen. It is in fact both - a place you go to equip your character with items from your inventory

I'm reviewing the design to understand where to move forward. I'm setting up a stub powerpoint deck from the QUEST-TRACKER docsx

---

## [2020-09-20 16:13] eso

some experimention w typography in the deck, as I want to make the content as "well-fitted" as I can, and have previously felt that existing type scheme might be a bit too loose.

NEXT
move on to transferring AI content to XD project

---

## [2020-09-21 11:01] eso

I've worked out a much better interaction design for accessing sub-content (Mods) from an equipment slot. Far more discoverable even at a blockworld level. nice

---

## [2020-09-21 11:42] eso

created simple scrolling prototype EQUIPMENT V-SCROLL
May prove useful as illustration for design documentation

---

## [2020-09-21 17:52] eso

building up the layout on the prototype. I've reconsidered the way item slots are being presented as a way of expressing the principle:
IMAGE-FIRST
WEIGHT/MASS = SPACE/PRESENCE

NEXT
Shft focus from the equipment slot list and build out the
ITEM PROFILE
EQUIPMENT LIST

GOAL
Presentation will be a walk through of the prototype I create prior to documentation

---

## [2020-09-22 07:38] eso

Here's what I want to get done in the next hour

- make the contrast ratio in the XD project conform to what I had going on previously. Yes, I know its dark.
- add the ammo counter widget
- create stub slide in deck: RARITY, which will describe the color coding around the rarity metric

---

## [2020-09-22 08:31] eso

added stubs for COLOR CODING and MANUFACTURERS

NEXT
conform existing XD to existing contrast ratio

---

## [2020-09-22 10:11] eso

encapsulated some parts into components
updated contrast ratio for equipment slot layout

NEXT
rebuild prototype w new components

---

## [2020-09-22 23:19] eso

Tomorrow's presentation won't be as comprehensive as I expected due to the time spent rebuilding and refining and working out animation details. But there's still a lot to show.


- do the mod slots need to be shown on the item profile? YES
- 	Why repeat the slots accessible from the menu?
- 		The mod slots on the rpofile panel are a readout, not a menu
- 		items that aren't being shown in the context of inventory need to be self-contained
	+ 		this implies that the DMG, MAG and RATE metrics should also be on the profile panel

---

## [2020-09-23 07:17] eso

P2 populate keybinds for all artboards
P2 horizontal scroll through mod slots
	+ update tooltip
	+ show attachment sites on weapon
P3 layout for Loadout Menu
	+ include Ammo metric on Loadout Menu
P3 layout for item comparison
	+ how did I show this in previous presentations?
P3 transition from Equipment Slots to Loadout Menu
P3 demonstrate item comparison
x equipment vertical scroll using existing w empty slots
x spreadsheet layout for item A
x transition from Equipment to Spreadsheet for item A
x item profile layout
	- include meters on profile panel
	- include DMG, MAG and RATE metrics on profile panel

---

## [2020-09-23 07:17] eso

working on item profile layout

---

## [2020-09-23 09:37] eso

completed working draft for item A profile. easily adjustable
adjusted contrast ratio such that interactables advance on bright bkg and static content recedes on dark bkg

---

## [2020-09-23 09:46] eso

building out equipment scroll sequence

---

## [2020-09-23 11:31] eso

completed equipment scroll sequence
working on spreadsheet layout

---

## [2020-09-23 12:18] eso

cleaned up spreadsheet layout to use bright/active color scheme. adequate for presentation
cleaned up prototype, removed extraneous assets

horizontal scroll through mod slots item A

P2 populate keybinds for all artboards
P2 horizontal scroll through mod slots
	+ update tooltip
	+ show attachment sites on weapon
P3 layout for Loadout Menu
	+ include Ammo metric on Loadout Menu
P3 layout for item comparison
	+ how did I show this in previous presentations?
P3 transition from Equipment Slots to Loadout Menu
P3 demonstrate item comparison
x equipment vertical scroll using existing w empty slots
x spreadsheet layout for item A
x transition from Equipment to Spreadsheet for item A
x item profile layout
	- include meters on profile panel
	- include DMG, MAG and RATE metrics on profile panel

---

## [2020-09-23 12:38] eso

added banner ad in the bkg of the empty CYBERNETIC slot

---

## [2020-09-23 12:51] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-09-24 12:03] eso

spending some time reviewing older INVENTORY designs
I've begun collating a document called "HOW TO" which captures various use cases that the design solves for.

---

## [2020-09-24 13:48] RPVR

Slack account is deactivated
JIRA is deactivated
Google services including mail are still up

---

## [2020-09-24 15:50] RPVR

Exported recent mail as PDF
Started mind map to document this new legal adventure

---

## [2020-09-25 11:05] eso

I'm converting all the auto-animate transitions in the XD doc to smple transitions. This seems like the only way to move forward quickly, using components and such without having to "solve" for animation, which was time consuming.

---

## [2020-09-25 12:04] eso

chatted w Jason about Inventory work and will be meeting w him on Monday to show work in progress

---

## [2020-09-26 13:28] eso

cleaning up layout for profile panel. no longer floating, but docked to the edges

---

## [2020-09-27 17:45] eso

completed normalized XD layout for profile panel

---

## [2020-09-27 18:05] eso

Started working through some ideas about representing MODS. Not the right time for this. Not the right time to be adding creative disruptiuon. Need to formalize the existing work before moving forward with it, but great typ see that there arfe further possibilities

---

## [2020-09-28 08:07] eso

I love Thea. She is the best!!

---

## [2020-09-28 08:07] eso

building out equipment slots from design iteration yesterday. Just the color coding strip, leave the text labels alone. Same as before

---

## [2020-09-28 08:36] eso

equipment slots need to be uniquely identified as A and B

---

## [2020-09-28 08:58] eso

completed equipment slot revision

The material I want to show Jason is:

Ammo counter (hilite ammo type for current weapon)
Loadout Menu
Item Comparison
Equip a slot
Navigate to MODS
Select a MOD
- add TRIANGLE keybind for explicit CTA
- maintain current LS navigation scheme
- Equipment Slot vertical scroll
- Empty Equipment slot
Color coding for Quality Tiers

---

## [2020-09-28 10:14] eso

wrapping up the updated ammo counter component. Need to build out 2nd state for Equipment list to show changes

---

## [2020-09-28 10:39] eso

updating LAYOUT-2 artboard . Promising so far.

---

## [2020-09-28 12:01] eso

updated LAYOUT-2
adding LOADOUT entry to TAB menu

---

## [2020-09-28 13:39] eso

Met w Jason to talk about where I've been spending time on the inventory design. Managed expectations and made sure that we're in sync with intention. Not ready to be turned into a finalized document. Present a meaningful prototype that fills in all teh question marks

The role between AMPS and cybernetics is still a bit confusing to me. I'm reading thorugh some of the older documentation right now for insight

---

## [2020-09-28 17:22] eso

I'm cleaning up and simplifying the layout for equipment slots. The Quality indication
 I need to expand upon the simple list I added, as the original design had more data.

---

## [2020-09-28 23:52] eso

additional build out for loadout page
simplified Page Navigation menu to include only LOADOUTS, EQUIPMENT and MODS

---

## [2020-09-29 07:58] eso

just wondering if the idea of "Equipment Slots" truly stands up? each of those "slots" could be a simplified equipment list entry, as seen in the EQUIP design

That wouldn't change the spreadsheet listing of inventory items, but it would possibly reduce visual density, and ddefinitely solve some of the issues of representation that have been bothering me. FUndamentally, I don't like it when information is repeated in different context areas. That might be philosophical?

For example, its feels questionable to me that equipment is represented visually in an equipment slot AND seen as a large preview. WHy not just make the preview part of the list? AI'd experimented with that idea and felt I was on to something.

Its important though not to fixate. My goal is to build out a full system as previously concieved. Make it work as a prototype and share that to understand issues beneath the surface that I haven't even considered.

---

## [2020-09-30 07:22] eso

I'm working towards the prototype I'll present later today
I've added the Global user information - ID, health, energy, damage
I'm looking at a different (more dynamic?) method of placing the ammo counter

MODS
transition from Equip Slots to Mod Slots
	- add dedicated keybind (TRIANGLE) MODIFY to hint bar
	- build out MOD slots
	- edit equipment profile to show how the selected MOD affects the selected gear

P2 Equip an Item

P2 Compare an Item

P1 MOD page (follow the example in INVENTORY2120 for procedures)
- build out page with a list of MODS
- add profile panel for selected MODS

P1 construct spreadsheet list
- used for Equipment List
- used for MOD list

P1 figure out how to show which weapon parameters are affected by a MOD
x add PAN-LINK starting point
P2 remove labels from PAN-LINK artboard

---

## [2020-09-30 09:11] eso

added PAN-LINK starting point to show where inventory is opened from
working on spreadsheet list

---

## [2020-09-30 12:51] eso

I did not get as far along with this as I wanted, but there's enough here to talk about. Purpose of today's review is to listen, not to declare.


AMMO
place in upper right like a currency

BREAKOUT MEETINGS coming up
PAN-LINK Menus / consistency
AMMO/HEALTH/DMG

---

## [2020-09-30 13:37] eso

for what it was the meeting went well. Got direction on some aspects of the layout as well as some confirmation of this direction

continue using contrast to show active vs/inactive

---

