# Raw Entries for June 2020

**Total Entries:** 77
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2020-06-01 09:51] eso

I'm starting work on the Quest Tracker design and plan to follow up w Jason after standup today. By necesity my work will be rough so I want to be certain I'm capturing the parts implied by the design doc and collate them into a content matrix

I can share visuals that I sketch along w the doc as I think about it further.

I'm going to try and approach this design at a different rate by skipping over the research I'd expect to be doing right now. What if that comes next instead of first?

---

## [2020-06-01 10:06] eso

Don't think about the bigger picture right now. Just keep reviewing the documentation and sketching whatever comes to mind.

---

## [2020-06-02 14:15] eso

I am building out the deck based on some ideas I've been having and some sketches of Dragon Age Inquisition earlier.

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
I'm mapping out the sample quest "Secret Weapon" and seeing what UI pieces & patterns fall out of it. I'll present this analysis as a slide

x map out the provided quest "Secret Weapon" and see what emerges as actionable

P2 wireframe for quest journal screen: HZD style (from sketches)
P2 wireframe for quest journal screen: Dragon Age style (from sketches)
P2 refine sketch of the Quest Tracker dependencies (Log, Notifications, ...)
    - its important to show various states: new, active, completed, returning
P3 create (simple) wireframes for identified components
    - interact prompt(s)
    - objectives
P3 make a list of topics that can be talked about from the material that's been gathered

---

## [2020-06-03 06:48] eso

I think I have a clear idea of a few simple things to present today. Just completed an experience map for the sample quest "Secret Weapon"

NEXT
process and format this (wide) spreadsheet for presentation in powerpoint

x add experience map to deck
P2 wireframe for quest journal screen: HZD style (from sketches)
P2 wireframe for quest journal screen: Dragon Age style (from sketches)
P2 wireframe for quest tracker showing states:
    - new, active, completed, returning
P3 make a list of topics that can be talked about from the material that's been gathered

---

## [2020-06-03 08:54] eso

I've added the experience map to the deck
I've completed 1st draft of Quest Tracker dependency chart

P1 wireframe for quest journal screen: HZD style (from sketches)
P1 wireframe for quest journal screen: Dragon Age style (from sketches)
P2 wireframe for quest tracker showing states:
    - new, active, completed, returning
P3 make a list of topics that can be talked about from the material that's been gathered

---

## [2020-06-03 08:56] eso

NEXT
construct quest journal wireframe: HZD style from sketches (1h)

10a

---

## [2020-06-03 11:09] eso

working on HZD-style wireframes
categorizing by type
    x Active
    x Quests
    - Recent
    - Nearby

---

## [2020-06-03 12:58] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-06-04 10:17] eso

meeting w Jessica Campbell shortlly to discuss quests
\\hvault\Projects\Kestrel\DESIGN\Quests\Example Quest Overview.docx

Agenda
discuss quests in general.
What are meaningful criteria to organize by?
Ideate about expanded functionality for quest tracker component on HUD. Always show? Cycle through open items? Stop tracking?
The relationship between open and tracked quests. Can I track more than one quest?
The frequency of objective updates…. Do the updates listed in the sample quest “Secret Weapon” all need to be shown in the Quest tracker?

---

## [2020-06-05 11:14] eso

Jason's notes

Story Quests, Missions and Side Jobs can be tracked.

Lowercase quest here means Story Quests, Missions or Side Jobs.

Tracked means always show on my Compass.

Untracked quest markers look different on the compass to set them apart from currently Tracked quests.

Untracking a Tracked quest, changes that quest’s Compass behavior.

Untracked quests are in my Compass when I am in the same area as the quest.

This can mean proximity or generically district or region.
This behavior will need to be configurable by Design.
All quests, Tracked or Untracked, get an icon on the Map.

Quests stay in your Quest Tracker until they are completed.

Completed quests move to that quest’s completed section in the Quest Tracker.

Players can have multiple quests Tracked.

If this causes the compass to become cluttered the player can always choose to Untrack something.
Focusing a quest in your compass will allow players to Track or Untrack that quest by holding the PAN-Link Button.

If we limit the amount of quests the player can track, we will need to revisit this.
Quest information in the HUD will only display when:

The player has highlighted a quest in their compass
The player has selected to Track a quest
The player has done something to update the quest objective
The player activates PAN-Assist
After quest information has been displayed for X seconds on the HUD it will fade out.

Players will be able to change this in settings to have the HUD always display the current quest the player is engaged in.

We will only want to maintain one quest and objective in the HUD in this case.
We will need to define the rules on how this works.
We do not want a Fallout 76 text wall situation, even if the player is opting in


Story Quests will be relatively short and “self-contained”
hours versus days/weeks
Generally focused in one area without traveling vast distances.
The Story Quest might complete and then send you a vast distance to start the next Story Quest in the story chain.
Players might be able to leave a Story Quest in progress and return later, but it will be less common behavior and not the intention of design.


Side Jobs are shorter than Story Quests
There could be multiple Side Jobs in a Side Job chain
Side Jobs could be more than likely in progress while doing other quests


Missions are instanced and short
About 20 – 30 minutes
Instanced means very self-contained
Quest Tracker will direct players to the start of the Mission
Missions can not be left half done or in progress


Player generated quests are variable in length and scope
It might take a player a while to collect enough of a resource to complete a project they are tracking
There is a high probability these quests will be in progress while the player Tracks other Story Quests, Missions or Side Jobs

We will probably have very few Story Quests available at a time since they are all chained.

Missions will be rotating in and out of the system with a maximum amount available at a time.

Side Jobs are finite but collectable. We cannot prevent the player from collecting all of them and never starting them.

Player generated quests, like collecting a specific resource, could be infinite and we have the least control of these.

---

## [2020-06-07 18:17] eso

reviewing last weeks notes and collating them as a mindmap
What is the scope of design work.

Low or high fidelity?
What value would there be in high fidelity at this time though?

Accountable for the constraints described.
Its not enough to show a single text label and call it a quest. I need to bring the use cases and constraints to life somehow

---

## [2020-06-08 10:30] eso

collating the information I've gathered since previous design iteration and seeing how it sticks together. I have a general sense of higher level topics expressed as
UI
Quest Templates
Tracking
lets see if these stick or become something else

---

## [2020-06-09 10:08] eso

building out some content in the deck. I want to spend most of today doing mid-fidelity wireframes in powerpoint for:
HUD-TRACKER
SCREEN-QUESTJOURNAL

I'd also like to challenge the idea that the quest log is a journal. What else could it be? A calendar? A list of reminders?

Similarly, I did some sketches yesterday of HUD-TRACKER where I imagined it as a generalized content display area - not just text labels with an icon (although that is a common use case). Thinking about how this area can be richer and support narratives in more interesting ways.

---

## [2020-06-09 10:46] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
I'm building out a compass wireframe component based on Keyan's earlier work.

---

## [2020-06-09 13:40] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
I'm adding the notes about Tracking to a HUD-COMPASS slide. Feels like a good fit here.

---

## [2020-06-09 15:11] eso

finished with the mind mapping and exporting that material for inclusin in the deck

---

## [2020-06-09 15:37] eso

imported mindmap gfx into the deck and looks cool, but need to adjust some layout and re-export

---

## [2020-06-09 22:10] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW
building out SCREEN-LOG and getting scale reference

---

## [2020-06-09 23:32] eso

Build wireframe for SCREEN-LOG. It's off to a good start but just beginning to look like something.

ideas:
how long has this quest been running - what is its runtime
how far away is this quest? Is it near?
sort quests by difficulty, proximity, runtime, location
where does this quest take place

NEXT
Prioritize & estimate

SCREEN-LOG
x sketch SCREEN-LOG wireframe
x complete SCREEN-LOG base layout
    x Quest Description
    x sorting widget layout
    x Story List w open and completed items
P2 Mission List w open and completed
P2 Errand List w open and completed
P2 sorted list cases

HUD-TRACKER (previously sketched)
P2 icon + text config
P2 just completed objective
P2 keybind and label to cycle thru tracked quests
P3 image + text config
    + use map as image
P3 message + text config
    + use talking head w audio waveform
TRACKING
P1 complete tracking slide

WIN/LOSE dialog
    P3 Critical failure
        + show why objective failed
    P3 Reward
        + show what you earned
            * item & XP
            * Quest Type

---

## [2020-06-10 08:23] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW
After doing some wireframing and editing the mind map, I'm working on SCREEN-LOG base layout 1h 9:30a

---

## [2020-06-10 09:06] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
I finished 1st pass layout of quest list

---

## [2020-06-10 09:18] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
finished 2nd pass on SCREEN-LOG quest list. added sort control and labels.
working on quest description layout

---

## [2020-06-10 09:38] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
completed 1st pass layout for quest description

---

## [2020-06-10 10:01] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
completed base layout for SCREEN-LOG

TRACKING
P1 complete tracking slide
    P1 create timeline diagram from sketch showing acceptance of multiple quests
    P2 show what happens in HUD-COMPASS
    P2 show what happens in HUD-TRACK

HUD-TRACKER (previously sketched)
P1 icon + text config
P2 just completed objective
P2 keybind and label to cycle thru tracked quests
P3 image + text config
    + use map as image
P3 message + text config
    + use talking head w audio waveform

SCREEN-LOG
x sketch SCREEN-LOG wireframe
x complete SCREEN-LOG base layout
    x Quest Description
    x sorting widget layout
    x Story List w open and completed items
P2 Mission List w open and completed
P2 Errand List w open and completed
P2 sorted list cases


WIN/LOSE dialog
    P3 Critical failure
        + show why objective failed
    P3 Reward
        + show what you earned
            * item & XP
            * Quest Type

---

## [2020-06-10 10:46] eso

wrote u(p wantr I want to show on Trackind slide. I want to speak about what the compass is oing and what HUD-TRACK is doing. I created a list of specific cases to illustrate. Start with HUD-COMPASS
WHAT ARE YOU WORKINg ON RIGHT NOW?
creating basic HUD-TRACK gfx

---

## [2020-06-10 11:29] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
completed TRACKING QUESTS on the compass slide

---

## [2020-06-10 11:50] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW
completed  diagram for quest opt-in over time

TRACKING
x complete tracking slide
    x create timeline diagram from sketch showing acceptance of multiple quests
    x show what happens in HUD-COMPASS
    x show what happens in HUD-TRACK

HUD-TRACKER (previously sketched)
x icon + text config
x just completed objective
x keybind and label to cycle thru tracked quests
P3 image + text config
    + use map as image
P3 message + text config
    + use talking head w audio waveform

SCREEN-LOG
x sketch SCREEN-LOG wireframe
x complete SCREEN-LOG base layout
    x Quest Description
    x sorting widget layout
    x Story List w open and completed items
P3 Mission List w open and completed
P3 Errand List w open and completed
P3 sorted list cases

WIN/LOSE dialog
    P3 Critical failure
        + show why objective failed
    P3 Reward
        + show what you earned
            * item & XP
            * Quest Type

---

## [2020-06-10 11:51] eso

NEXT
create basic layout for HUD-TRACKER
    - include prev/next paging UI
    - show 2 states:
        - PAN-LINK disengaged (default)
        - PAN-LINK engaged (show paging nav)
ETA 15m 12:15p

---

## [2020-06-10 12:53] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-06-10 14:34] eso

presentatation went well
doing Sprint Retro now

---

## [2020-06-12 11:36] eso

listeining in to team Sprint presentation
Need to get a list of on-game locations

---

## [2020-06-12 12:31] eso

Engineering is showing an imgui version of Inventory featurwes in the new engine. Tom Miles is the feature engineer.

---

## [2020-06-12 12:44] eso

THIS CONFLUENCE PAGE DESCRIBES THE PROTOTYPE VIDEO
https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/display/KES/Prototype+WIP+callouts+-+5.18

---

## [2020-06-15 09:43] eso

spent time yesterday stepping through quests in Elder Scrolls Online. Upon returning to an older character I was faced with the matter of not knowing where I'd left off.

The assumption is that where I left off == my current objective

This is not the case in practice. Literally - yes, that current objective is the last thing I was doing, but why was I doing it? What led me to this moment? Did I meet anyone? Where have I been?

---

## [2020-06-15 10:28] eso

finished up some maintenance on 2320 deck
mapped out goals for this design

NEXT
x add poster assets to deck
- layout existing SCREEN-LOG using new assets (icons/posters) to replace lists

---

## [2020-06-15 11:38] eso

having added the minimal movie material to the deck, it feels a bit random. maybe too minimal as well? How about something a bit more pulpy?

No. that's not something I need to think about rigtht now. Go with the existing material but see if you can make everything look more similar

---

## [2020-06-15 15:16] eso

added icon & cover assets to uniform grid on SCREEN-LOG layouts

NEXT
What does the iconography for Missions, Side Quests and Errands look like?

---

## [2020-06-15 15:32] eso

WHAT ARE YOU WORKING ON RIGHt NOW?
finding clan banner type graphics to use as mission iconography

add metadata to item listings
- tracking
- new

figure out item states
- in progress
- current objective
- finished

---

## [2020-06-15 18:45] eso

I'll represent Missions with NASA mission patches

---

## [2020-06-15 19:58] eso

constructed some Mission badges for placement in the deck
created new slide to capture list item display states

---

## [2020-06-16 08:53] eso

thought through methods of how to show current objective by defauly on screen entry. Can do so horizontally as well as vertically.

---

## [2020-06-16 11:28] eso

updating gfx for paging & keybinds

---

## [2020-06-16 15:34] eso

iterated on HUD-TRACK. When cycling between quests the control expands into a visual list to provide better insights (storytelling beats?) about what's going on.

---

## [2020-06-16 19:19] eso

hit a gate that I thought I'd solved. It doesn't make sense to create a seperate page for Missions, as these can't be left incomplete (there can only be one at a time, and they aren't collectable once youve opted in, you are committed)

So now I am wondering how can I categorize these quests in a way that a player would find useful, and in a way that communicates engagement better than ESO does

---

## [2020-06-17 08:53] eso

I worked out a cleaner and more flexible categorization scheme. I'm currently building out the revised SCREEN-LOG design

---

## [2020-06-17 11:37] eso

Presenting a bit less than expected today, but enough to show categorization and a more visual approach to representing quests

---

## [2020-06-17 11:41] eso

finished creating new slides for tabbed sort criteria

NEXT
- reorder list of quest items for Nearby
- reorder list of quest items for Elapsed
- reorder list of quest items for Level
- figure out how to signify current objective in quest list
- show focus on different quests
    + Mission
    + Errand
    + Side Quest
- add spreadsheet used for quest gathering

---

## [2020-06-17 12:35] eso

almost there
Added additional descriptive content
removed chaff

NEXT
- reorder list of quest items for Nearby (10m)
- reorder list of quest items for Elapsed (10m)
- reorder list of quest items for Level (10m)
- show focus on different quests
    + Mission
    + Errand
    + Side Quest

---

## [2020-06-17 14:52] eso

I swung, I missed. Good feedback though. I knew that the book covers might be a bit further than we wanted. Not all bad - I know exactly where to push the design. The categorization remains a good idea, with some caveats though

I can incorporate thast feedback into a list-based design and go over the details with Jason & Jessica

NEXT
collate and prioritize feedback
update spreadsheet to include location and include additional quest types
- expand the scale of distances
- create simple visual representation of distances

META
I feel that visual differentiation of quests is an interesting idea, but it needs to be scalable or procedural - maybe this can be conveyed in the description area though?

---

## [2020-06-18 09:43] eso

continuing with design analysis then iteration. I set up a meeting with Jason & Jessica to go over today's work session

---

## [2020-06-18 19:22] eso

I've got a nice mapped view of the sample quests I created using San Francisco for a scale reference. Jessica had mentioned something about the previous design not driving players to other areas, so I want to account for location more explicitly

---

## [2020-06-19 14:09] eso

What have a learned from mapping the data?
- Nearby as a category isn't as useful as I expected.
    - Broader application is to sort by location (zone) with current location (zone) pinned to trhe top o fthe list

---

## [2020-06-20 19:11] eso

The first question I want to answer during tomorrow's work session is how to handle completed vs replayable events. Seperate category or exposed in flat list?

---

## [2020-06-21 13:32] eso

The subjects I want to speak with Jason and Jessica about are:
- The Current quest
- the behavior of HUD-TRACKER
- replaying quests

---

## [2020-06-21 15:57] eso

I think I've worke dout a categorization scheme and will see if I can wireframe that approach. Its not significantly different than the earlier "spreadsheet-style" approach, but categorized differently.

---

## [2020-06-22 07:58] eso

I've solved the categorization with 2 views: LOCATION & PROGRESS
The page uses HMENU to filter quests by quest type: STORY, SIDE, MISSIONS, ERRANDS

The LOCATION view groups quest content (open or closed) by location. Location containing current objective is shown first. Remaining locations are listed alphabetically. In this view, I can easily see and react to what's around me

The PROGRESS view groups quest content by completion: OPEN, REPLAY, CLOSED. The current objective is shown first. In this view I can easily see and react to how I've invested my time

---

## [2020-06-22 08:36] eso

NEXT
add updated spreadsheet to deck

---

## [2020-06-22 12:05] eso

lots of ideas discussed w Jason & Jessica regarding quest tracker
- there's no concept of a "Current Quest"
- HUD-TRACKER behaves like a tooltip when objectives are focused in compass, and like a notification when reacting to updated objectives and game state
- Individual Story quests are contained within a Chain (or)

---

## [2020-06-22 13:06] eso

some design specifications for the newly titled HUD-OBJECTIVE

HUD Objective Widget

Goal: As the Player, I want to be able to quickly see what my current objectives are for my tracked quests

Design:

In-world HUD is kept clean and uncluttered by default
HUD Objective Widget is displayed when ( button ) is pressed (PAN-LINK)
The tracked quests are displayed for a brief time before fading out

HUD Objective Widget displays Tracked Quest information when:

- The Player presses  ( button ) PAN-LINK
- Tracked Quest's objective is updated
- Any Quest's objective is updated
- Option to track a New Quest is presented
- Quest is completed (?)
- Transition back to open world from instance (?)
- Player resumes game after quitting (?)

Reference:
- Spider-man
- Tomb Raider


Picking Up New Quests While Tracking Others

Goal: As the Player, I can easily switch between quest content that I wish to pursue

Design:

- HUD Objective Widget gives option to track new quest in in-world HUD when it is discovered
    - Player can Opt In with ( button ) to set as tracked
    - Player can hold ( button ) to jump into Quest Log for more details
    - Play can ignore and UI goes away in a few seconds
    - If not opted to track, can be found in Quest Log
    - The HUD Objective Widget is displayed alongside the prompt for the Player to decide if they wish to change quest tracking (?)


Tracking Multiple Quests

Goal: As the Player, I need to be able to track multiple quests at the same time

Design:
- In Quest Log, Player can select up to ( 5 ) quests to track
- Tracked Quests can be located:
    - Map
    - In Pan-Link menu
    - Quest Log
    - HUD Objective Widget objective list
    - In-world at specific location for objective
    - Tracked quests have unique icon or icon color to differentiate from other content types not tracked (?)

---

## [2020-06-23 10:09] eso

Continuing work on SCREEN-QUESTLOG
I confirmed the structure I'm using for quests w Jessica earlier on Slack
I found a icons to use for quest types on the screen and on the HUD

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
I'm creating simple lists in the deck based on the sortringt/filtering I'm doing in Excel

NEXT
- export updated spreadsheet to deck
- update map to include new information from the spreadsheet
    + include the story that a quest belongs to on the map
- assemble lists & nav to represent the quest display I've worked out

GOALS
- demonstrate how quest data is organized using the categorization criteria I devised
- demonstrate potential for replaying completed quests

---

## [2020-06-23 18:51] eso

Updated the spreadsheet data and the map with color coding defined for tracked, not tracked, replay and finished

---

## [2020-06-23 19:29] eso

refined the map and token states further. better. cleaner now
I want to do one or two more maps that
- show how Stories can cover multiple locations
- show what the compass looks like for the character
    + maybe can move this to whitespace above map and replace title with this gfx

Shifting focus to the screen design now

---

## [2020-06-23 23:58] eso

Are Storylines Selectable for OPEN/CLOSE, or do they always appear as open?

NEXT
prioritize

x Add Quest Data as slide(s)
    x main spreadsheet
    x view by Story
    x View by Location
x Create Hilite control for list items

---

## [2020-06-24 08:24] eso

x baseline layout for MAIN pageview
    x storyline
    x location

NEXT
x baseline layout for SIDE pageview
    x storyline
    x location
x baseline layout for MISSIONS pageview
    x storyline
    x location
x baseline layout for PERSONAL pageview
    x storyline
    x location
x Add/Update Quest details for selected item in each pageview
x Keybinds for Quest Item
x show new list order when a Story Quest has updated
    + storyline
    + location
P2 Show STATUS for Quest and Story Items in all views
    + Replayable
    + Completed
    + Tracked
    + Not Tracked
P3 Demonstrate vertical scroll through Story Quest list
P3 Create Compass view for Character POV on Map slide
P3 Create/Add Details for Story Item
P3 Keybinds for Story Item

---

## [2020-06-24 13:02] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-06-24 17:06] eso

Well played G

---

## [2020-06-26 12:08] eso

iterating further on quest tracker with the following goals:
- UX/UI for quest description
- UX/UI for story description
- additional iteration on story/quest containers in list
	+ use "paperback book" idea to represent stories
- annotation for final presentation of this concept
- consider additional representation of quest templates
	+ I'd had an idea of showing story/quest details as recently sketched.

Jason asked me to hold off on rebuilding the equipment screen, but I think its important to flesh out as completely as the loot pickup design. My initial concern is making it relevant to screen metrics and working out basic paneling details. Similarly, I was never so clear on what was supposed to be in the background

Will follow up w Jason on what the next sprint task is. We're thinking NAV-ASSIS, which will flow nicely into work done on QUEST-TRACKER

---

## [2020-06-26 12:40] eso

P1 remove STORY/LOCATION sort from all layouts
P1 remove LOCATION sorted views from deck
P1 add LOCATION category to HMENU
	+ this view shows all quest types at a location
P2 show STATUS for list items in all views
	+ follow pattern previously set on Story Quest views
P2 additional iteration on story/quest containers in list
	+ use "paperback book" idea to represent stories
P2 UX/UI for quest description
P2 UX/UI for story description
P3 annotation for final presentation of this concept
P3 consider additional visual artifact for quest templates
	+ recently sketched.

---

## [2020-06-28 13:43] eso

making edits to INVENTORY2230 to show a RESOURCES category, containing a list of resources, sorted by type, one of which is a blueprint with requirements listed and a keybind to Create Job (ETA 30m)

---

## [2020-06-28 16:36] eso

completed Player Created Quest slide

NEXT
x remove STORY/LOCATION sort from all layouts
x remove LOCATION sorted views from deck
x add LOCATION category to HMENU
	+ this view shows all quest types at a location

---

## [2020-06-28 19:01] eso

created a new series of slides for each horizontal menu state

NEXT
x add v1.0 list instances to new slides (this is to validate any secondary sorting that may need to happen and solidify the content) copy-paste from QUEST2330 where possible
	- story quests
	- side quests
	- missions
	x jobs
	- locations
x show STATUS for list items in all views
	+ follow pattern previously set on Story Quest views
P2 additional iteration on story/quest containers in list
	+ use "paperback book" idea to represent stories
x UX/UI for quest description
P2 UX/UI for story description
P3 annotation for final presentation of this concept
P3 consider additional visual artifact for quest templates
	+ recently sketched.

---

## [2020-06-30 07:11] eso

continuing to build out page states. spent a lot of time yesterday working out some details of the details panel, and arrived at a more opinionated solution. modular approach.

WHAT ARE YOU DOING NOW?
updating lists on each slide
x main
x side
x missions
x jobs
x locations

NEXT
update details on each slide
x main
- side
- missions
- jobs
- locations

---

## [2020-06-30 08:45] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING NOW?
update details on each slide
x main
x side
x missions
x jobs
x locations

---

## [2020-06-30 11:45] eso

completed layout of all views

WHAT ARE YOU DOING NOW?

x additional iteration on story/quest containers in list
	+ use "paperback book" idea to represent stories
x UX/UI for story description

---

## [2020-06-30 12:09] eso

completed story detail page

---

## [2020-06-30 12:09] eso

NEXT
x annotation and review

---

## [2020-06-30 12:44] eso

added ideation for quest detail header using concept art instead of map
reviewed presentation and removed chaff

---

