# Raw Entries for February 2020

**Total Entries:** 119
**Projects:** RPVR, eso

---

## [2020-02-01 17:12] RPVR

Field notes: Tactics for Engagement
The goal is to create a slide deck with examples
I'm also going to locate the UI heuristics document I'd stated several years ago and create a working document from that

---

## [2020-02-02 10:59] RPVR

writing up invoice for my retainer payment to send out to Jake & Lauren on Monday am

---

## [2020-02-02 13:23] RPVR

finished and saved invoice for later
worked a bit on the Tactics for Engagement map

---

## [2020-02-02 15:50] eso

created presentation stub
reviewing use cases spreadsheet and recategorizing/simplifying

NEXT
sketching simple cases
- need to establish what finished mockups look like today
- Tomorrow's worksession will be focused entirely on content creation from what I get started today

---

## [2020-02-02 16:43] RPVR

Prepping laptop for research and documentation during travel next week

---

## [2020-02-03 10:38] RPVR

Sent starting payment invoice to Laurent. Referred to Tim Baylor for invoicing guidelines. Expecting follow up from him today

Meetings today
- Backlog refinement (Core Pod)
- Project setup and questions w Olaf
- Logging Time & Tasks w Christian
- Expecting follow-up from Tim. Contact him directly f I havent yet heard anything by 4p

---

## [2020-02-03 10:43] eso

I've taken detailed notes on a few use cases
- Resource marker
- Interact Prompt
- Fast Travel Marker

I'm constructing back plates for the Resource marker case to include in powerpoint doc
- I'll need to position the 3rd person character
- place a resource placeholder object in the scene
- composite wireframe gfx in Illustrator
- export gfx to Powerpoint
-

---

## [2020-02-03 11:10] eso

Why am I looking into how to outline my proxy objects in Unreal?! I can do so in Illustrator if needed. Don't spend time on this

---

## [2020-02-03 13:27] RPVR

https://redpillvr.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=29&selectedIssue=CT-816

There are items labeled here as Menu, Tutorial which all call out UX/UI dependencies

NEXT STEPS
- look through backlog with Christian at 3:30 meeting
    + how long is this sprint running?
- study design docs Nghia shared w me

---

## [2020-02-03 13:31] RPVR

DOCUMENTATION

Define the User
- Player
- VJ
- DJ
- maintainer
- engineer
- producer
- investor

Tactics of Engagement

---

## [2020-02-03 13:44] RPVR

I'm able to run the lobby project as Unreal VR preview

Chatting w Olaf in a bit
Wondering if its possible to pull down the demo? If so, how?

---

## [2020-02-03 16:05] RPVR

My first task is an in-game menu design for the game. There's pre-existing work on this to be questioned and refined

I told Christian I would look through the JIRA task he created and create subtasks

DAILY
log time using Tempo
https://redpillvr.atlassian.net/secure/Dashboard.jspa
Choose Tempo from left-side menu, Then My Work
Hover over the timeline and choose Log Time/Plan Time



NEXT 
For tomorrow am
look at JIRA task for menu design, create subtasks and estimates
https://redpillvr.atlassian.net/browse/CT-848

---

## [2020-02-03 20:43] eso

I'm assembling slide for Resource Marker to figure out the layout and the information to display. My plan is to create slides for the notes I took yesterday:

---

## [2020-02-04 00:06] eso

I addded material from my notes to the powerpoint doc
Generated a few new backplates
Added all images to the deck
Created and stubbed in new sections

NEXT
finish Resource section to use as a guide for the others
fill in content blocks for all sections
Add gfx examples to backplates and generate sequences

---

## [2020-02-04 20:00] RPVR

I studied the MVP Menu document and chatted a bit with Olivier (Montreal) who had put it together. I took my findings and turned them into subtasks in JIRA. Spoke briefly w Christian, who thanked me for doing so and reminded me to add time estimates. The wifi on the airplane was a bit sketchy, so I'm wishing I had done it there, however I can find time tomorrow during a break to do so.

Tim (finance) advised me on procedure for submitting invoices, which I'm goin to do right now

NEXT
- add estimates to  MVP Menu subtasks

---

## [2020-02-04 20:03] eso

I'm continuing work on the HUD1910 presentation. Wondering how much I can get done tonight in the next 4h?

Walked by the Zenimax building feeling a bit wistful and ran into Bobby Weir. We chatted for a bit. So grown up now.

---

## [2020-02-04 23:00] eso

Finished the Resource Marker section. Let's see how far I will get in the next 2h
x Interact Prompt
x Fast Travel
	x description
	x sequence
- Consumable
	+ description
	x sequence
- Message
	+ description
	+ sequence
- NPC
	+ description
	+ sequence

---

## [2020-02-05 00:45] eso

X Consumable
	X description
	x sequence
- Message
	+ description
	+ sequence
- NPC
	+ description
	+ sequence

---

## [2020-02-05 01:06] eso

P1 NPC
	+ description
	+ sequence
P2 Message
	+ description
	+ sequence

I need 2 more hours to wrap this up. I can do so in the am. Will deprecate the Message item if necessary

---

## [2020-02-06 19:04] RPVR

My invoiced starting fee is in the system
Followed up w Christian on questions about Tutorial design. He referred me to Olivier to discuss text and content. An artist named Ryan will be doing the in-world modeling of the wrist menu
Some basic UI has been placed in the game in current changelist. Nothing special just floating text in space attached to a keybind

---

## [2020-02-09 23:02] RPVR

Brief chat with Laurent who had provided EXA as a reference. I think we can also use this as a kind of prototyping tool, or maybe simply derive working interactive examples from this. Of all the (3) prototyping tools I've use, this is by far the most creative and complex - allowing even for MIDI output. Its truly interactive, at least in the domain of triggering audio reactive cues.

Evaluated Sketchbox. Its pretty cool. May be exactly what I was looking for to communicate in 3D at low fidelity.

Some interesting new ideas developing in my mind around consumables. They were easy, but I think they are what I was hired to do. Instea dof picking up a capsule and taking a dose, how about: Reach for the capsule, it hatches a snake which curls around your arm. Its rides on your arm until you're ready to use it. You see the snakes on other people, so you know they've got doses too. You activate by touching its head, or pressing a single control on your palm, or bringing your wrist close to your face and looking at your reflection in its eye(!) The snake bites you, or merges with your body and the dose is delivered. The snake can travel from arm to arm when you put your hands together. It bobs its head to the music you hear. The snake can travel to another person. You see snakes on other people, so you know they've got doses too.

Created stub documents to capture my thinking on Wrist menus, tutorials, consumables and some conceptual games.

---

## [2020-02-09 23:13] eso

Uncertain what work lies ahead this week. I feel like I can finalize and and depth to my prior HUD1910 presentation if the goal is to present or share on Wednesday. Last week's UX summit has filled me with questions about how to broaden my creativity. I feel like I've arrived at a place where I'm working on minute details. Perhaps the Equi(pment List/Inventory is the better target to reach for.

I need clarification or definition about what my role on this team is. I feel like I belong, but I also feel like my work isn't scratching an itch.

---

## [2020-02-10 07:34] eso

collating list of interact prompt attractor rules into a new spreadsheet

NEXT
- review notes on Equipment List design
- chat with Jason about status of IPA document. Further briefing on equipment list project previously discussed


https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=123114165

---

## [2020-02-10 09:59] RPVR

reviewing Oli's updates to Tutorial Menu doc prior to chatting with hime

---

## [2020-02-10 12:52] RPVR

Syncing to latest and running SV_SunsetVR in engine to see if I can come back to it later. Sprint meeting shortly

---

## [2020-02-10 13:04] RPVR

During this sprint meetig ask what does NEED-ST, A, OE mean?

---

## [2020-02-10 13:19] RPVR

Christian literally called out my work as visual development. RPVR isn't looking for me to immediately re-do or maybe even revise the UX. I do need to call out questionable choices where I've found them. Grouping I think is the thing to focus on. 

NEXT
x Slack chat or meeting w Olivier to discuss content and ideation for tutorial system.
    - Are panels our only chice or is there an opportunity here to teach by demonstrating (mimicry).
    - A similar idea is mentioned in the avatar customization doc.
x Introduce myself to Ryan to frame call for later this week
- refresh this week's schedule base on Sprint review and/or conversation w Christian
- verify UE4 build working

---

## [2020-02-10 13:26] RPVR

Christian mentions: We have 8 weeks left. I need to focus my work, UX/docs only needed to provide context and examples. Visual development and layout are the deliverables. Need to get to working in UE4 if I can add value with low cost. WIll talk to Ryan about that


LATER
x Introduce myself to Ryan and speak about the design challenges I'm facing. What's he targeting as an in-world design. Accept advice.

---

## [2020-02-10 14:52] RPVR

syncing to latest. Previous effort may have caused a problem, or maybe just an issue w Oculus. Reboot after successful sync.

---

## [2020-02-10 16:00] RPVR

I spent more time getting latest than expected, but its important. I need to be seeing the work in UE4 for baseline reality check. Everything in the last changelist I am prompted to sync seems without incident. Hopefully I can run thbe project in engine

---

## [2020-02-10 16:13] RPVR

Unable to proceed. Need to get my P4 situation resolved tomorrow. Can't spend more time on this today

---

## [2020-02-10 16:13] RPVR

ETA 1h
x scrub through footage and capture wrist menu reference
x scrub through footage and capture button and panel reference

NEXT
x log time for today's work
- create a dumb wrist menu sketch in Sketchbox just to get started
- import a simple wireframe into Sketchbox to see how that works
- get help with syncing to latest

---

## [2020-02-10 19:50] eso

updating Interact Point Attractor (IPA) rules spreadsheet to use the line items I derived for the 1910 presentation.
- WHAT'S THE VALUE?
	+ look for groupings of Interact Points by similarity
	+ shared vocabulary


I'm excited to try rebuilding my sketched examples in Sketchbox. I'm not sure how that will work out and will make the Resource Marker my first case

---

## [2020-02-11 00:06] eso

I spent this worksession refining the dataset I made for the provided use cases. As suspected I was able to identify unique segments that share the same behavior.

I created a layout and slides for "Group Two" which demonstrate relevant variations. Good layout. Major simplification and better illustration of details. Can fit 4 mock up examples per page, which I hope will be enough most of the time.

Good work today G

---

## [2020-02-11 08:27] RPVR

attempting game sync

---

## [2020-02-11 08:30] RPVR

logged yesterday's time

---

## [2020-02-11 08:31] eso

standing by to create first scene. To prepare:
- export character assets from UE4 sandbox as FBX
- export object assets from UE4 sandbox as FBX

---

## [2020-02-11 09:39] eso

started flow diagram in Illustrator modeled after one Dave created. Not sure if I'll need it but feeling instinctively that I can use it to direct what I want to sketch.

NEXT
- setup sketching environment in Sketchbox
	- export character assets from UE4 sandbox as FBX
	- export object assets from UE4 sandbox as FBX
- redo existing Resource Marker sketches in Sketchbox
	- integrate gfx w Powerpoint doc
- test PDF export to make sure it looks good
- identify further mockups for sketching
- Sketch
	+ use top-down view of scene to reveal interact zones in context

---

## [2020-02-11 10:14] RPVR

Brief chat w Tim, he's looking into it. Resyncing to latest just to see what happens. Yeah same 

NEXT
- get help with syncing to latest
- create a dumb wrist menu sketch in Sketchbox just to get started
- import a simple wireframe into Sketchbox to see how that works

---

## [2020-02-11 12:58] eso

import FBX into sketchbox is wrong. trying again with a known object

---

## [2020-02-11 13:15] eso

verified import of simple static mesh as well as prior fbx files

---

## [2020-02-11 13:24] eso

mannequin coming in but at wrong scale. Is ity possible to export it at the right scale. Is it possible to export a pose from an animation?

---

## [2020-02-11 14:55] eso

I've setup a very basic scene in Sketchbox and am realizing that its strengths for sketching easily in space are also its limitations. Wish I could show/hide content, or even change the colors. Even so - not having to think about these things is liberating - especially in the context of Kestrel.

---

## [2020-02-11 14:56] RPVR

Finished cleaning my p4 workspace
UE4 looks like its loading the project after recent sync

---

## [2020-02-11 15:11] RPVR

Project opened, compiling shaders

Failed to load /Game/VirtualReality/Materials/M_SplineArcMat.M_SplineArcMat Referenced by UiButton

---

## [2020-02-12 09:03] eso

Finished setting up loot sketchbox and captures
integrating w powerpoint to validate

---

## [2020-02-12 09:28] eso

completed Loot section

---

## [2020-02-12 11:31] eso

NPC and Message setups were pretty quick. maybe even fun?

NEXT
x NPC
x Message
x Ammo

---

## [2020-02-12 12:40] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-02-12 13:42] eso

presentation went well. Collating my notes.

---

## [2020-02-13 07:41] RPVR

The SV_Sunset build is working and there are basic UI mechanics for navigating the Avatar Selection UI mirror. Unable to teleport though, and not sure if this is something already built in? What else do I need on this machine? I notice problems when I sync to other builds such as Alien World

Reaching to Julien for advice
Spending today entirely on the menu design

10.0.76.8:777

---

## [2020-02-13 07:44] eso

NEXT
P1 speak with Jason about what he'd like to see in my presentation
P2 study Destiny 2 equipment and item pickup
P2 study Borderlands3 equipment and item pickup
- review next steps captured in my notes

---

## [2020-02-13 09:07] RPVR

working with Tim to figure out how to teleport into Alien World
outcome of that conversation
it's possible to run server from Editor, but need to add something to commandline upon launching the Editor
there are precompiled builds

---

## [2020-02-13 09:45] RPVR

Didn't occur to me to look at other maps in the SV_Sunset project file
spoke with Olaf, and got satisfaction on thios. TRhis removes a weight from my shoulders!

---

## [2020-02-14 08:09] RPVR

good analysis and design yesterday. I wasnt sure where I was going when I started recording splitscreen of myself and VR output. I found that the dominant hand if used as-is will cause the arm to (weirdly?) overlap the field of view when pressing buttons attached to non-dominant hand

- one fix to this is to redraw the hands as hand only when they get close to the body (as is the case when interacting w the menu)

I'm starting the spatial mockup
I want to share this material with the team. but need to be selective. I am wary of posting any design in the wild without talking through it
- how about setting up a design review for next week Monday?
    + Ryan
    + Olivier
    + Nghia
    + Christian

---

## [2020-02-14 08:27] eso

setting up call w Jason to ask what he wants to examine in the equipment design. This is follow-up and verification of my notes

	https://confluence.zenimaxonline.com/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=123114165

	it looks like page 10 and 11 of the armor doc break down the stats we would want on an armor tooltip \\hvault\projects\Kestrel\DESIGN\Design Documents\Kestrel Armor Overview.pdf

---

## [2020-02-14 08:35] RPVR

#Tech-Art (this is being used as a channel for standup. Christian asked me to post here)
Y: wireframes and metrics for wrist menu (CT-875), Spatial mockup wrist menu (CT-877)
T: wireframes and metrics for wrist menu (CT-875), Spatial mockup wrist menu (CT-877), Documentation (CT-955)
Blockers: -

---

## [2020-02-14 11:25] eso

Spoke w Jason to clarify scope of the Equipment Screen task

---

## [2020-02-16 08:10] RPVR

design review on Monday am

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
I'm preparing to export the geometry I made in Blender as a .fbx file I can open in Sketchbox
I'm doing so to increase the fidelity of the wireframe I'm delivering
I'm also looking to setup a foundation - whether in sketchbox or as "snapshots" or animation and transition states requireing physical motion. 

FOLLOWING THAT
Import fbx file to Sketchbox. Has that gotten me what I wanted?

I'll take a look at the Illustrator wirfeframes I created
- cleanup to match current design spec
- remap flow
- create artboards to contain the content sections I previously identified

---

## [2020-02-16 11:49] RPVR

Rebuilding scene in Blender, as the exportee doesn't like when the container transform is used, those need to be object edits instead

---

## [2020-02-16 15:11] RPVR

I've rebuild the scene at millimeter scale and added color coding to see if that passes thru with export. Testing that now.

---

## [2020-02-16 22:42] RPVR

captured video stepping through each scene for reference
NEXT
x extract screenshots from videocatpure
x construct wireframe base
what's the quickest way to do so?
x reconstruct illustrator 2D from Blender screenshot
x provide Blender screenshots as visual reference - part of the spatial layout task not the wireframes

---

## [2020-02-17 01:54] RPVR

good work today

NEXT

build slide deck
gfx for these states
- Item Focus (Pointing At, Released from being Pointed At)
- Pressed (What the item does when pressed, When does Pressed trigger Selected)
- Selected (Item Selected State)
- Released (No longer being Pressed)
- Paging Transition (What happens when paging between menus)
- List Build Transition (What happens when the list is built after page update)

---

## [2020-02-17 09:51] RPVR

ready to present
meeting postponed to 10:30a
shared slide deck w CHristian, Ryan, Olivier

---

## [2020-02-17 10:04] RPVR

adding additional slide detailing menu structure in 2D w description text

---

## [2020-02-17 10:23] RPVR

added additional slide describing and linking to Sketchbox
added additional (rough) menu anatomy slide

---

## [2020-02-17 13:11] RPVR

logged time in JIRA

NEXT
- review Tutorial UI tasks and create estimates
x update time log on new spreadsheet
- meet w Kye-wan Sung to get menu UI built out in UE4
- follow up w Nghia on the Launcher. Get some background on this effort.

---

## [2020-02-17 20:49] eso

I've been researching equipment in general all day
for wrap up I'm going to create a single flow chart mapping out the experience of finding a weapon, comparing it to current and equipping it. Other variations will fall out of this chart.

Then I'm going to figure out what to present.
- Will review my design notes to get the scope right. Jason & I talked about what to present. Just need a reminder.

---

## [2020-02-18 08:16] eso

reviewing my notes

what is this design?
It is an equipment dashboard used to (1) compare equipment I find with what I have, (2) take action on the equipment I find, for example - taking it or equipping it

The form I want it to take is an in-world interface rather than a front end screen. This isn't the inventory screen

When I find an item, this UI is how I inspect and evaluate it
I only see what is relevant for the thing I found
I only see what is actionable for the thing I found


Defining Relevance
Flow
Wireframe(s)
In-World Framing

---

## [2020-02-18 10:55] eso

I collated my insights from reading the weapon design documents into a content matrix

---

## [2020-02-18 12:26] RPVR

What do I need to create a single tutorial panel
- what does it say?
- what does it look like?
    - does it use illustrations?
    - typography

Avatar Calibration
    - needs picture for (place your arms as in the picture)
    - need hint attached to controller (re-iterate press any button)

Teleport Locomotion
    - needs illustration for required action
    - needs hints attached to controller (push, aim, release) 

Walk Locomotion
    - needs illustration for required action
    - needs hints attached to controllers (swing your arms)

Stand in Front of the Mirror
    - needs illustration for required action
    - needs extra visual design to draw attention to itself

Choose a Slot (Customize a body part)
    - must point at target button

Scroll Reflexions Panel
    - need hints attached to controller

Confirm Panel
    - must point at target button 

Mirror Tutorial Complete
    - need illustration(maybe)

Dose Start
    - need illustration
    - need controller hint

Group Up
    - need illustration

[added] High-Five
    - need copy
    - need illustration 

Consumable Panel
    - need illustration
    - (need to demonstrate how to eat something)

Tutorial Wrapup
    - need illustration


subtasks
- collate and concept tutorial panel illustrations (12h)
- design controller hint labels (8h)
- tutorial panel visual development (12h)
- tutorial panel template design (8h)
- tutorial panel spatial mockup (8h)

---

## [2020-02-18 17:13] RPVR

spoke w Nghia about doing him a quick favor for the Turbulence site. He wants to show social badges on the site and integrate their layout and style with the existing mockup
https://drive.google.com/drive/u/3/folders/1jk-frxfnZeKlY0DXHxWKCNFJysuv2Q6o

after talking it through I advised against hiding those badges behind a navigation - as in the navigation reference he provided

instead we can:
- place them at the top of the page
- place them at the bottom of the page
- add a section in the sidebar under the list of shows to contain them
- place them in a non scrolling widget at the side
    + add some style so that on hover the focused item gets bigger

I told him I'd throw together some mockups and get back w him on Wednesday afternoon

---

## [2020-02-18 18:33] eso

completed 1st draft flow of over pickup experience
- create flow for inspect item
- create flow for compare weapon
- create flow for equip weapon to slot
- create flow for equip mod eto weapon
- create flow for take
- create flow for send

---

## [2020-02-18 19:56] eso

stepping away from the flows for the moment. I need to get the basic UI worked out. Sketch now

---

## [2020-02-19 06:14] eso

I'm continuing to build and sketch out vatrious parts of the interface
- Equipment card
- Weapon Slots
- Weapon List (for Mod equip)
- Mod Slots (for Mod equip)

I will need to show 6 basic configurations
- inspect weapon slot1 vs loot
- inspect weapon slot2 vs loot
- Comparison Browser
- Equip loot to weapon slot
- Equip mod to valid weapon

---

## [2020-02-19 08:07] eso

I'm at a place where I can start assembling wireframes from my parts.
The part I haven't figured completely is what content to show for roles. My initial assumptions are naive but will hopefully capture the idea. WHich is what?

The idea is that:
Not all weapons are great but they all serve a purpose.
When comparing a weapon to another, we see an overall rating, and role-based ratings that assess the relative fitness for heavy/assault/sniper usage

the role based ratings only show criteria relative to the fitness assessment.
For example, instead of the full weapon itemization, a sniper-role may only show:
stats: range, damage
mods: any mods affecting range or damage
properties: any properties relevant to range, accuracy, targeting

---

## [2020-02-19 09:25] eso

completed basic part layout

NEXT
x inspect weapon slot1 vs loot
x inspect weapon slot2 vs loot
x Comparison Browser
x Equip loot to weapon slot
x Equip mod to valid weapon

---

## [2020-02-19 12:53] eso

ready to present. good job on this

---

## [2020-02-19 14:34] eso

review raised good questions. Some of which I can address directly, some of which we'll need to meet about to determine our intent. Specifically - how much can I do at loot pickup? Does this task need to expand into an inventory screen?

---

## [2020-02-21 00:02] RPVR

sent over social badge mockups to Nghia. He's good with what I provided.Asked me to include a specific list of logo assets which it will take me a little time to collate.

Made good progress on splashscreen wireframe. Trying to make it fun, maybe a bit dramatic. You place your hand in the circle of the word "tOuch". Its a portal that expands to replace the world or otherwise transition into the next level.

If there is a delay, it can hold, maybe throbbing (lol) to act as a kind of activity spinner

---

## [2020-02-21 07:07] RPVR

continuing work on splash screen wireframe and adding content to slide deck
When completed I'll discuss this design w Ryan and Kye.

---

## [2020-02-21 08:03] eso

I had a brief chat w Jason about next steps on Equipment. He says the next step will be to build out an Equipment (Inventory) screen. My basic plan is to adapt the layout from Weapon Customization. Some additional criteria will be to allow for paging Nav between Equipment and other areas in the front end such as Map, Journal, Settings and so forth

---

## [2020-02-21 13:00] RPVR

I've completed 1st draft of splashscreen design and cleaned up the deck. Before I share it, what is missing?
- spatial mockup
- details about what happens on touch
    - haptics
- flow

---

## [2020-02-21 15:00] RPVR

Progress
x spatial mockup
x details about what happens on touch
    x haptics
x flow

---

## [2020-02-23 01:30] RPVR

added notes on testable criteria to wrist menu design doc

---

## [2020-02-23 15:01] RPVR

logos for Launcher Social badges
x Twitch
x Steam
x Hulu
x Netflix
x HBO
x Amazon

---

## [2020-02-23 15:49] RPVR

finding and collating logos

---

## [2020-02-23 16:34] RPVR

I've collated and added vector art of all the logos in a seperate artboard

---

## [2020-02-23 18:28] RPVR

I've completed the layout
- export gfx

---

## [2020-02-23 21:19] RPVR

I've exported a PDF doc w my design work and updated Nghia

---

## [2020-02-24 07:10] RPVR

updating splashscreen UI design to incorporate the avatar selection step following the press start step

Why make the user initiate the experience only to present them with a choice? Based on the Main menu, avatar creation needs to be a "place" a user can return to. Similarly Quitting the game or starting the game needs to be its own destination. I don't want to quit the game only to be presented with the choice of avatar calibration, when at that point my journey is over. OK, it makes sense to me then that:
1. there are 2 steps
    - press start
    - avatar calibration
2. I start the game at PRESS START
3. I quit out of the the game to PRESS START
4. PRESS START always leads to CALIBRATION 
5. I can step into CALIBRATION from the game, and after doing so will return back to the game

---

## [2020-02-24 07:58] RPVR

Sketched expanded flow better integrating CALIBRATION

---

## [2020-02-24 08:18] RPVR

sent sketch over to Olivier for him to think about, Set up chat between he & I at 10a. Following that, I should be able to update the design accordingly, unless there's more to think about.

NEXT
x setup meeting w Olivier
x ask Christian about logging time on iterative work
    + Menu
    + Splashscreen

---

## [2020-02-24 09:55] RPVR

updated Splashscreen UI flow diagram
updated editorial text for transition  example. more procedural.

---

## [2020-02-24 10:28] RPVR

create storyboard to supplement flow on Splashscreen UI doc

---

## [2020-02-24 12:00] eso

Sprint 20 planning

TASKS
(in progress)	Looting/Object Interaction
(revision)		Weapon HUD
(new)			Inventory

---

## [2020-02-24 12:45] eso

plans for this week's presentation
- updated verion of Equipment Screen
- wireframe sketches for Inventory screen
	+ purpose of these is to get a feeling for the type of structures ZOS wants to see in place
		* list styles
		* preview styles
		* modal/non-modal
		* comparision
		* navigation depths/segmentation (?)

---

## [2020-02-25 08:19] eso

building out weapon status based on jason's placeholder for usage in the first setup I'll illustrate:

Single item placed in-world. Tooltip appears on approach comparing metered stats to current weapon. Weapon swapping is used to compare to each equipped weapon slot. Equipping the loot will equip it to current weapon slot. Followup messaging show log of the transaction

---

## [2020-02-25 08:49] RPVR

chatting w Oli and Octavian shortly about Tutorials

---

## [2020-02-25 10:44] eso

finished building out weapon selector
created several rgba weapon assets from some concept work

---

## [2020-02-25 16:59] eso

generated tooltips for Weapon1, Weapon2, Looted Weapon, Looted Mod. Created comparison tooltips. Ready to stand up some content in the powerpoint doc?

---

## [2020-02-25 23:16] eso

completed scenario A - equip found weapon to a weapon slot after comparison
Where can I go from here?

- add loot marker gfx & icon
- Use same gfx in weapon select for followup
- make cycle icon in weapon select white instead of black

Scenario B
- show compact form of tooltip
- player opts to examine/compare (keybind in the interaction prompt)
	+ this shows full loot item tooltip
	+ this shows tooltip for current weapon

Scenario C
- like Destiny
- you can only pick up loot in world and must compare/equip fron an Inventory screen

---

## [2020-02-26 06:29] eso

David sent over some weapon reference and gfx. Nothing I need at the moment, but a good step in building out a library of weapons. He mentioned something about "having a stats widget ready". Other than the Item tooltip, there is the Weapon selector. I'll ask during the presentation today about how complete these components are

---

## [2020-02-26 09:45] eso

showed and described the comparison schemes I chose between
showed progressive disclosure of a weapon and mapped that to the interaction states in Scenario A
added Loot marker and icon to Scenario A
completed Scenario A

NEXT
- map out Scenario B: looting multiple items

---

## [2020-02-26 10:21] eso

I've got a plan for list behavior in mind
blocked out a simple menu list
started creating Scenario B in my deck

NEXT
x create menu states for loot list
	x focused on weapon 2
	x focused on mod

x update text in menu to read LOOTED GUN (to match the existing tooltip)
x create comparison tooltip for LOOTED WEAPON 2
x add new slides showing tooltips updating when the list updates
x show comparison between LOOTED GUN/WEAPON1/WEAPON2

---

## [2020-02-26 12:18] eso

Finished mapping out Scenario B
getting close to finalized doc. I need to redo the interaction prompt w different keybinds

---

## [2020-02-26 12:26] eso

revised interaction prompt for scenario A

---

## [2020-02-26 12:40] eso

ready to present. Do I have time to revise the weapon selectore to make the current selection hilited?

---

## [2020-02-26 12:47] eso

Yes. I made the edits I wanted to the weapon selector
exported as PDF
ready to present

---

## [2020-02-26 13:41] RPVR

synced to latest
creating slide deck to capture my thoughts

---

## [2020-02-26 14:08] RPVR

In the process of experiencing/understanding the flow

---

## [2020-02-26 17:00] RPVR

I'm working on capturing video of the current intro experience from UE4

NEXT
- can I use Unreal for simple spatial mockup?

---

## [2020-02-26 17:31] RPVR

Octavian just added his work on traveling tutorial panel. Syncing to latest now

---

## [2020-02-26 18:23] RPVR

added captures for each stage of the onboarding experience

NEXT
- label storyboard with proper Tutorial Panel and any further annotations
- can I use Unreal for simple spatial mockup?
    + if so - start there
    + if not - start in sketchbox
- research panel size vs distance in Oculus Home dash

---

## [2020-02-27 00:05] RPVR

Created a stub UI guide where I'll capture my thoughts. Even in this form though it shows the true scope of this design. I need to look at my task estimates again and rescope after capturing some design ideas first for discussion w Oli & Octavian

I captured a storyboard from the build to put the tutorial steps in context and uncover some solutions to pathfinding and display. I think that there's more to this system than the help panels, although those are certainly central. I think there's less illustration than expected as well. But there are 2 other areas that I think will come into play:
- Big objective labels - names of each objective
- Waypoint markers: where to go next
    + show finished steps in [completed] state
    + show next steps in [new] state
    + animated

---

## [2020-02-27 07:16] RPVR

What information can I add to the deck before designing stuff?
- does this need an illustration?
- does this need a marker?
- where are the objectives drawn and how large are they?

REFERENCE
https://www.dimensions.guide/

---

## [2020-02-27 07:42] RPVR

I captured the new floating panel in UE4 and am using that as a sizing/scale reference for panel layouts. Its currently a 1:1 aspect, around the size of the iPad Pro, squared off to the shorter edge

---

## [2020-02-28 07:22] RPVR

Oli sent out this flow, which I'll incorporate into my revised stopryboard now

Step by step of how I see this, to help our discussions:

STEP ZERO: Avatar Calibration
Let's check this later, flow seems pretty bad right now.

FIRST STEP: Walking (but for now it's teleport)
Should not see anything near mirror: 
Should have this: camera panel + in-world pin, but not next to mirror
As soon as you perform the action displayed on the panel, so before you are actually on the pin, remove the camera panel. So for walk = after a few steps
COMPLETION
When you step on the pin
What happens: 
Pin is removed  
follow up message appears and disappears
then new camera panel appears and new pin appears next to mirror

SECOND STEP: Teleport
Should have this by now: camera panel + in-world pin next to mirror
As soon as you perform the action displayed on the panel, so before you are actually on the pin, remove the camera panel. For teleport = as soon as you push the joystick.
COMPLETION
When you step on the pin that is next to the mirror
What happens: 
Pin is removed   
Follow up message appears on the mirror
Then first customization panel appears on the mirror

THIRD STEP: Open customization slot
Should have this by now: panel on the mirror that tells you to press on a button
COMPLETION
After you pressed on the button
A slot is opened with the reflexions line-up
A new panel appears on the mirror

FOURTH STEP: Scroll
Should have this by now: panel on the mirror that tells you how to scroll
COMPLETION
After you scrolled and a reflexion landed in front of you
A new panel appears on the mirror

FIFTH STEP: Confirm
Should have this by now: panel on the mirror that tells you to confirm
COMPLETION
After you pressed confirm
You are now back at the initial state of the mirror
A new panel appear telling you that you know how to customize your avatar, turn around when you are ready
A visual also indicates to turn around

SIXTH STEP: Turn around
Should have this by now: panel on the mirror + visual that tells you to turn around
NOTE: If you do NOT turn around and keep customizing, these visuals should disappear and reappear when you are back at the main mirror menu
COMPLETION
You turned around
A pin appears next to the red pill

SEVENTH STEP: Reach the red pill
Should have this by now: a pin next to the red pill
COMPLETION
You reach the red pill
Pin is removed
follow up message appears and disappears
Something appears telling you how to grab (TBD)

EIGHT STEP: Grab the red pill
TBD

NINTH STEP: Group up and Consumables
When you spawn into alien world
Should have this: camera panel showing you how to group up and showing you what is a consumable
COMPLETION (to discuss)
Press confirm?
Move pass a certain point

---

## [2020-02-28 11:29] RPVR

panel Ideas I arrived at last night are good direction. I've iterated a bit on the initial design, but not clear if I';ve improved upon it. Meeting w Oli & Octavian at 2p for ongoing discussion. I wabnt to have an updated storyboard ready for that and I can show my WIP on the panel and get sonme thoughts to move it along.

---

