# Raw Entries for December 2020

**Total Entries:** 164
**Projects:** His Portfolio, deepdreamvisionquest, eso, garyboodhooworld, profile, spirit animal

---

## [2020-12-01 08:10] eso

finished processing EQUIPMENT2930-eqipment design to use components from EQUIPMENT2930_library

doing same for EQUIPMENT_mod design

building out prototype example to get a feel for approach to presentation
keep it simple. basic.

---

## [2020-12-01 10:30] eso

I sent the presentation doc to Sprung. Posting it in Asset Browser now, I'll update it to include new content

---

## [2020-12-01 11:02] eso

added new slide FLOW to design doc detailing basic pathways through the equipment screen

---

## [2020-12-01 11:31] eso

finalized FLOW slide

---

## [2020-12-01 12:51] eso

submitted November invoice

---

## [2020-12-01 17:17] eso

EQUIPMENT2930 library, equipment design, mod design fully encapsulated now.
Think about what you've already presented. there's no need to be as granular as I'd started to be earlier. Be as lazy as you can.

NEXT
x wire up MOD prototype
- edit MOD prototype for consistency
- edit ADD MOD Prototype

---

## [2020-12-01 17:30] eso

editing
MOD1 INVENTORY 2
MOD1 INVENTORY 3
MOD1 INVENTORY 4

---

## [2020-12-02 06:47] eso

The prototypes are important to share. There's an additional slide I want to add however detailing the filtering behavior of MOD slots that I captured in the prototype. Production game plan plan for today is to:
- complete editing/conforming the existing prototype work
- create title page for prototype launcher
- post Equipment Screen PDF to Asset Browser
- post XD source files to Asset Browser
- generate sharable links to CC-hosted prototype
- create a slide MOD SLOT FILTERING
- MOD TYPES

---

## [2020-12-02 07:57] eso

created simple AMP profile. Not significant enough to add a slide, but useful for the prototype

---

## [2020-12-02 08:57] eso

refined update to AMP profile. Will include in slide deck after all

---

## [2020-12-02 09:13] eso

added AMP PROFILE slide

---

## [2020-12-02 10:12] eso

finished cleanup on _equipment design_
testing share to cloud feature

---

## [2020-12-02 10:33] eso

What can you do in the EQUIPMENT prototype.

These are clickthrough prototypes so dynamic state-based behaviors aren't supported. Functionality is limited to areas investigated for the overall design.

Here's what you can do:
- enter the Equipment Screen from PAN-LINK
- step backwards to exit to PAN-LINK
- Page between the LOADOUT SCREEN and the EQUIPMENT SCREEN
- scroll through the list of LOADOUTS to observe keybinds, etc.
- select a LOADOUT to enter the EQUIPMENT SCREEN
- scroll through the Equipment in a LOADOUT
- view details about any Equipment in a LOADOUT
- Open the weapon inventory for the first weapon (Lightning25-22)
- Scroll through the equipment in the weapon inventory
- Compare equipment in the weapon inventory to the equipped item

---

## [2020-12-02 11:09] eso

CC link works fine. Updated PROTOTYPE slide to use new link.
Working on title page for prototype.

---

## [2020-12-02 11:26] eso

added Title page to EQUIPMENT prototype
updating link
verified. works fine! Looks great too

NEXT
- continue consistency update to MOD prototype artboards
- create Title page for MOD prototype

---

## [2020-12-02 11:58] eso

working on consitency update for MOD prototype
x update positions of equipment notes
- update values in profiles

---

## [2020-12-02 12:39] eso

finished updating MODS prototype artboards

---

## [2020-12-02 12:40] eso

Here's what you can do

Browse through a weapon's MOD slots
Open a Weapon's MOD slot to view the MOD inventory
Horizontal scroll through MOD inventory of assigned type

---

## [2020-12-02 13:59] eso

Asset Browser is too slow. Not viable for delivery
posted documentation to HVAULT for Jason to post for me

After the meeting:
- upload current to HVAULT
-

12/7 - 1/4

---

## [2020-12-02 17:18] His Portfolio

I stepped away from the GitHub Universe presentation. It didn't feel right.

---

## [2020-12-02 17:18] garyboodhooworld

I stepped away from the GitHub Universe presentation. It didn't feel right.

---

## [2020-12-02 17:18] profile

I stepped away from the GitHub Universe presentation. It didn't feel right.

---

## [2020-12-03 12:36] eso

Max mentioned my departure to the grouep. I thanked Sprung, and ANton, Keyan & Ruwan specifially as people I've learned from. Interestingly MAX publicly stated that I'd be rolling off to work on the ESO project? Its the first I'm hearing of it. Not sure if its real, but I like that meme.

---

## [2020-12-03 12:46] eso

duration of this sprint is short due to holidays.
EQUIPMENT LOADOUT
EQUIPMENT COSMETICS
	- a cosmetic slot

---

## [2020-12-03 12:50] eso

MAX is planning a virtual happy hour for the team!

---

## [2020-12-04 10:34] eso

I'd already started thinking about loadouts

---

## [2020-12-07 09:19] eso

setting up meeting w Jason, etc. to discuss LOADOUTS


I LIKE GAMES
GAMES LIKE FUN
FUNGI

GEMIKLINAFSUE

---

## [2020-12-07 09:57] eso

continued some sketching for Layout feature to go over with Jason a bit later

---

## [2020-12-08 11:50] eso

working out presentation strategy for tomorrow review of LOADOUTS design

---

## [2020-12-08 16:33] eso

I spent some hours sketching out the design and possible outcomes. I feel the problem is stated more plainly now.

---

## [2020-12-08 17:48] eso

I'm applying the ideas in the design to the existing work and seeding if this approach fits.

---

## [2020-12-08 22:18] eso

I thought I'd landed on a great solution this afternoon, but its feeling like I just went in a circle. I'm not sure if the idea I had makes a difference. I need to map out some scenarios and observe what the system does.

---

## [2020-12-08 23:23] eso

The solution I landed on earlier is still valid but was just missing some politeness. The key concept I added is that when I opt to open a different loadout, my current modified configuration is autosaved for me. If the configuration wasn't modifed then no autosaving necessary.

---

## [2020-12-09 09:24] eso

I've created artboards with flow diagrams detailing a couple of approaches to importing a different Profile. What happens to the preior loadout? In these flows I examine 2 similar convenience methods for changing your mind aftyer importing a new loadout.

I modified the PAN-LINK layout to show the STARTER PACK loadout as default
I modified the PAGED NAVIGATION to read LOADOUTS / CURRENT LOADOUT DESIGNATION


x CHANGING YOUR MIND
x PAN-LINK
x create artboard: ISTHISALOADOUT

- LOADOUT-1
	+ update menu to show availability of inventory in eachprofile

- EQUIPMENT-WEAPONA
	+ edit list header. simplify by removing  reference to Loadout

- create artboard: NON-EQUIPPED ITEMS
	+ this is to talk about what happens to items that are no longer equipped.
	+ Their state persists unless an Equipped item has a dependency on them
	+ This means that you can modify non-equipped items, and they'll stay modified

---

## [2020-12-09 11:27] eso

continuing to workon LOADOUT-1. Figuring out simple presentation details for STASHED and MISSING items in a LOADOUT
- following that, what happens?
	+ place relevant prompts as keybinds
	+ PARTIALLY STASHED/STASHED
		* Fetch with Drone
			- shows timer. "Drone will return" 00:00:00
		* Recall Drone
	+ MISSING
		* Clean Up (removes any missing items  from this profile)

- add new general keybinds
	+ Remove
	+ Rename
	+ Duplicate

- create duplicates of this artboard to show different keybinds for AVAILABLE, STASHED, MISSING PARTS

---

## [2020-12-09 12:57] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-12-09 14:33] eso

NEXT
- export XD material as PDF and share w David, Roy, Jason

some questions came up that I felt I'd addressed, but maybe not as explicityly as I thought.

1. as a new player, how do I experiment with gear without having to think in terms of loadouts.

GOAL: I don't want new players to think about loadouts  at all. Everyone starts out with a Profile named "MyEquipment" imported as a LOADOUT. As they play the designation changes to ***MyEquipment

---

## [2020-12-10 11:18] eso

I've simplified my approach further by pushing back against the concept that the player is always working with a LOADOUT, and restating that as "the player can store any EQUIPMENT configuration as a LOADOUT"

I'm writing up my findings from considering the problem to prepare for a break-out design session with Jason, David and Roy

---

## [2020-12-10 11:39] eso

making some modifications to the LOADOUT design I presented yesterday  to accommodate new heuristics

---

## [2020-12-14 09:45] His Portfolio

I'm building a deep learning work environment on HALLUCINATR. I want to use containers and encapsulation to expand my understanding of computing in general, but al,so to avoid complex and brittle installations which may conflict or break when other frameworks are introduced.

I've setup tensorflow with gpu support in a Docker container
I've learned how to expose volumes on the local filesystem to a docker container
I've run a Jupyter notebook with deepdream implemented in Tensorflow. It's using a larger neural network and looks so nice. However, that notebook used the CPU to compute images.
My goal is to figure out how to work with a notebook (for deep dream specifically) that uses the GPU for computation. Feels like I'm close to a solution

---

## [2020-12-14 09:45] garyboodhooworld

I'm building a deep learning work environment on HALLUCINATR. I want to use containers and encapsulation to expand my understanding of computing in general, but al,so to avoid complex and brittle installations which may conflict or break when other frameworks are introduced.

I've setup tensorflow with gpu support in a Docker container
I've learned how to expose volumes on the local filesystem to a docker container
I've run a Jupyter notebook with deepdream implemented in Tensorflow. It's using a larger neural network and looks so nice. However, that notebook used the CPU to compute images.
My goal is to figure out how to work with a notebook (for deep dream specifically) that uses the GPU for computation. Feels like I'm close to a solution

---

## [2020-12-14 09:45] profile

I'm building a deep learning work environment on HALLUCINATR. I want to use containers and encapsulation to expand my understanding of computing in general, but al,so to avoid complex and brittle installations which may conflict or break when other frameworks are introduced.

I've setup tensorflow with gpu support in a Docker container
I've learned how to expose volumes on the local filesystem to a docker container
I've run a Jupyter notebook with deepdream implemented in Tensorflow. It's using a larger neural network and looks so nice. However, that notebook used the CPU to compute images.
My goal is to figure out how to work with a notebook (for deep dream specifically) that uses the GPU for computation. Feels like I'm close to a solution

---

## [2020-12-14 09:49] eso

I want to encapsulate the discussion we had about loadouts using the existing material I created for presentation. My goal is to get that material revised and incorporate it into the EQUIPMENT screen FTR document. I may be able to prototype a simple set of interactions to visualize the flow? That's a stretch goal though.

---

## [2020-12-14 14:49] His Portfolio

Success. It was trivial after all, but not really findable in the same place.

docker run -it --gpus all --rm -v $(realpath ~/notebooks):/tf/notebooks -p 8888:8888 tensorflow/tensorflow:latest-gpu-jupyter

The --gpus argument needed to be added to this command line and specified with "all" or presumably the index of the GPU or some such

---

## [2020-12-14 14:49] garyboodhooworld

Success. It was trivial after all, but not really findable in the same place.

docker run -it --gpus all --rm -v $(realpath ~/notebooks):/tf/notebooks -p 8888:8888 tensorflow/tensorflow:latest-gpu-jupyter

The --gpus argument needed to be added to this command line and specified with "all" or presumably the index of the GPU or some such

---

## [2020-12-14 14:49] profile

Success. It was trivial after all, but not really findable in the same place.

docker run -it --gpus all --rm -v $(realpath ~/notebooks):/tf/notebooks -p 8888:8888 tensorflow/tensorflow:latest-gpu-jupyter

The --gpus argument needed to be added to this command line and specified with "all" or presumably the index of the GPU or some such

---

## [2020-12-14 15:09] His Portfolio

The tensorflow implementation of deepdream has additional refinements and methods leading to a wider variety of outputs and output types

---

## [2020-12-14 15:09] garyboodhooworld

The tensorflow implementation of deepdream has additional refinements and methods leading to a wider variety of outputs and output types

---

## [2020-12-14 15:09] profile

The tensorflow implementation of deepdream has additional refinements and methods leading to a wider variety of outputs and output types

---

## [2020-12-14 16:57] His Portfolio

all the small details add up. I've worked out basic folder sharing between LOCUTUS and HALLUCINATR

---

## [2020-12-14 16:57] garyboodhooworld

all the small details add up. I've worked out basic folder sharing between LOCUTUS and HALLUCINATR

---

## [2020-12-14 16:57] profile

all the small details add up. I've worked out basic folder sharing between LOCUTUS and HALLUCINATR

---

## [2020-12-14 22:49] His Portfolio

career metrics study.
I'm investigating a kind of chart knnown as a Sankey Graph which shows the contribution of a list of entries to a particular catagory. Unlike a stacked bargraph it is a 2D graph type the can show distributions as flows

nested flows
Cat A contributes 50% to Rank A
Cat B contributes 50% to Rank A
Rank A contributes 20% to SomeCriteria

multiple rankings
the graph type can show the contribution of a single entry to multiple categories as well

I found a web-based generator that can output SVG. Which I can import into XD or AI for format and layout

Its interesting technically, but I am searching for some patterns in my career to this point. Looking back it all seems so arbitrary. Did any of it make sense? There have been times I've been certain about that.

---

## [2020-12-14 22:49] garyboodhooworld

career metrics study.
I'm investigating a kind of chart knnown as a Sankey Graph which shows the contribution of a list of entries to a particular catagory. Unlike a stacked bargraph it is a 2D graph type the can show distributions as flows

nested flows
Cat A contributes 50% to Rank A
Cat B contributes 50% to Rank A
Rank A contributes 20% to SomeCriteria

multiple rankings
the graph type can show the contribution of a single entry to multiple categories as well

I found a web-based generator that can output SVG. Which I can import into XD or AI for format and layout

Its interesting technically, but I am searching for some patterns in my career to this point. Looking back it all seems so arbitrary. Did any of it make sense? There have been times I've been certain about that.

---

## [2020-12-14 22:49] profile

career metrics study.
I'm investigating a kind of chart knnown as a Sankey Graph which shows the contribution of a list of entries to a particular catagory. Unlike a stacked bargraph it is a 2D graph type the can show distributions as flows

nested flows
Cat A contributes 50% to Rank A
Cat B contributes 50% to Rank A
Rank A contributes 20% to SomeCriteria

multiple rankings
the graph type can show the contribution of a single entry to multiple categories as well

I found a web-based generator that can output SVG. Which I can import into XD or AI for format and layout

Its interesting technically, but I am searching for some patterns in my career to this point. Looking back it all seems so arbitrary. Did any of it make sense? There have been times I've been certain about that.

---

## [2020-12-14 23:20] His Portfolio

I've built up my first model (for growth) testing that out!

---

## [2020-12-14 23:20] garyboodhooworld

I've built up my first model (for growth) testing that out!

---

## [2020-12-14 23:20] profile

I've built up my first model (for growth) testing that out!

---

## [2020-12-15 00:53] His Portfolio

having some fun with the data. Truns out that it presents better when its exaggerated and I figured a way to scale the data exponentially within a range

---

## [2020-12-15 00:53] garyboodhooworld

having some fun with the data. Truns out that it presents better when its exaggerated and I figured a way to scale the data exponentially within a range

---

## [2020-12-15 00:53] profile

having some fun with the data. Truns out that it presents better when its exaggerated and I figured a way to scale the data exponentially within a range

---

## [2020-12-15 01:31] His Portfolio

a couple things uncovered by tonights analysis
Sankey diagrams aren't great for my purpose of comparing the relationships between categories. I'm having better results with bar charts and bubble diagrams in the spreadsheet

NEXT
- take another look at the Sankey diagram examples and take note of what they;'re communicating so well. Why was I first attracted to these?

---

## [2020-12-15 01:31] garyboodhooworld

a couple things uncovered by tonights analysis
Sankey diagrams aren't great for my purpose of comparing the relationships between categories. I'm having better results with bar charts and bubble diagrams in the spreadsheet

NEXT
- take another look at the Sankey diagram examples and take note of what they;'re communicating so well. Why was I first attracted to these?

---

## [2020-12-15 01:31] profile

a couple things uncovered by tonights analysis
Sankey diagrams aren't great for my purpose of comparing the relationships between categories. I'm having better results with bar charts and bubble diagrams in the spreadsheet

NEXT
- take another look at the Sankey diagram examples and take note of what they;'re communicating so well. Why was I first attracted to these?

---

## [2020-12-15 09:28] eso

updating EQUIPMENT2920 doc as EQUIPMENT3010. Theres a lot of content here.

x OVERVIEW
x PROTOTYPE
x USAGE
x GLOBAL FEATURES
x SCROLLING
OPENING THE SCREEN
LOADOUT MENU
EQUIPMENT NOTES
EQUIPMENT MENU
EQUIPMENT MENU ANATOMY
INVENTORY MENU
INVENTORY MENU ANATOMY
WEAPON PROFILE
ARMOR PROFILE
AMP PROFILE
PASSIVE COMPARISON
ACTIVE COMPARISON
MOD MENU
MOD INVENTORY
MOD COMPARISON
NUMERIC MOD READOUT
HISTOGRAPHIC MOD READOUT
MOD PROFILE
AMP MOD MENU
AMP MOD INVENTORY
AMP MOD PROFILE



2020-12-15
Jason sent over the documentation for Gear Skinns (Equipment customization)

---

## [2020-12-15 18:00] eso

Spent an hour or 2 cleanning up the XD source without reasonn. Maybe just needing to touch the design a bit. I've updated the powerpoint doc by refreshing typography and mapping out completed, production and revison work

I added some additional content for loadouts

NEXT
- summarize the LOADOUT feature in a paragraph as was discussed in our last breakout session. Use that to determine how much content needs to be added to the presentation doc

- update flow diagrams previously created to match the design criteria we landed upon

- sketch out a chart of keybinds and contexts that I've described. How can I best organize this material?

- demonstrate the cycle loadout feature on PAN-LINK
	+ What happens when you open PAN-LINK
		* press X to continue
		* press TRIANGLE to cycle loadout
	+ what happens when you press TRIANGLE ?
		* first press activates control (menu option remains: Current Gear)
		* next press(es) cycle through the list
		* Can enter the EQUIPMENT screen at any time
- jdfhjdfj
	+ What if I cycle to a loadout but want to revert back to the gear configuration I had before?
		* I can always cycle back to the USE CURRENT GEAR option
		* The language doesn't make sense though..

---

## [2020-12-15 18:05] His Portfolio

I've started reading the Feature Visualization presentation around the Lucid visualization framework (described as the spiritual successor to DeepDream) It relies on TensorFlow. Once I have the workflow nailed down it will be a great test to bring this work over to the Windows environment as well
https://distill.pub/2017/feature-visualization/

---

## [2020-12-15 18:05] deepdreamvisionquest

I've started reading the Feature Visualization presentation around the Lucid visualization framework (described as the spiritual successor to DeepDream) It relies on TensorFlow. Once I have the workflow nailed down it will be a great test to bring this work over to the Windows environment as well
https://distill.pub/2017/feature-visualization/

---

## [2020-12-15 18:05] garyboodhooworld

I've started reading the Feature Visualization presentation around the Lucid visualization framework (described as the spiritual successor to DeepDream) It relies on TensorFlow. Once I have the workflow nailed down it will be a great test to bring this work over to the Windows environment as well
https://distill.pub/2017/feature-visualization/

---

## [2020-12-15 18:05] profile

I've started reading the Feature Visualization presentation around the Lucid visualization framework (described as the spiritual successor to DeepDream) It relies on TensorFlow. Once I have the workflow nailed down it will be a great test to bring this work over to the Windows environment as well
https://distill.pub/2017/feature-visualization/

---

## [2020-12-15 18:05] spirit animal

I've started reading the Feature Visualization presentation around the Lucid visualization framework (described as the spiritual successor to DeepDream) It relies on TensorFlow. Once I have the workflow nailed down it will be a great test to bring this work over to the Windows environment as well
https://distill.pub/2017/feature-visualization/

---

## [2020-12-16 11:58] eso

I followed up with Matt F. He wasn't aware that I was rolling off Kestrel, but asked me to contact him in January

 I'll definitely look around and see if we can you use in 2021 and beyond. I'm on PTO now, so have a good holiday and ping me sometime in the first quarter and we'll touch base

 Matt's contact:
 matt.firor@zenimaxonline.com

I don't know what I was expecting to hear from him. Maybe a scenario where a contract was proposed for work to be determined next year. Or a scenario where I refresh the ESO design as a long term contract. That would be satisfying.

---

## [2020-12-16 12:05] eso

I'm mapping out the PAN-LINK flow into and out of the Equipment screen

---

## [2020-12-16 13:12] eso

cleaned up XD doc for LOADOUT design
Exported CYCLE LOADOUTS prototype to creative cloud for inclusion in design documentation
Added LOADOUTS FROm PAN-LINK prototype to the deck

---

## [2020-12-16 13:25] eso

having added to prototype, I want to add a flow diagram to convey how the prototype behaves. Flowchart? Other?

NEXT
update all PAN-LINK gfx in the dec

---

## [2020-12-16 18:17] eso

I've updated the USAGE slide to communicate better
I've added an EQUIPMENT COMPOSITION slide to describe structural details

---

## [2020-12-16 21:50] eso

I've added material about Equipment configuration and choosing loadouts from PAN LINK

I'm still missing content. Instead of guessing:
x Analyze content
	x Describe the feature in words
	- identify keywords/concepts
	- where are those keywords/concept expressed in the doc?
	- what's missing?
- update LOADOUT MENU artboards
	+ simplify/revise what was previously created in EQUIPMENT-LOADOUT-3010.xd

---

## [2020-12-17 08:01] eso

DESCRIBE THE FEATURE IN WORDS

WHAT IS AN EQUIPMENT CONFIGURATION?
All players maintain an equipment configuration composed from gear assignments to equipment slots. This configuration encapsulates any modifications to the assigned gear

WHAT IS IS A LOADOUT?
A loadout is a stored equipment configuration. Imported loadouts replace the existing equipment configuration. Changes to the ongoing state of the equipment configuration do not reflect upon any stored loadouts. However, an equipment configuration can be exported as a loadout for later recall.

WHAT IS AN INVENTORY?
Customer inventory is the collection of all gear, mods and skins being carried at any time.


LOADOUT MANAGEMENT FROM PAN-LINK
The equipment dashboard allows customers to select a loadout in-place, without visiting the equipment screen. Similarly, the equipment configuration can be stored as a loadout directly from the dashboard. The new loadout is automatically named "untitled-xxxx" to avoid data entry. Exiting PAN-LINK, either by continuing to the equipment screen or by returning to the game confirms the loadout selection

WHAT HAPPENS TO GEAR WHEN IT IS NO LONGER EQUIPPED?
Gear customization is persistent. Gear remains customized when not equipped. However gear customization is also dynamic. Customizing one item may change the state of another if a MOD or SKIN needs to be pulled from it. Gear customizations for non-equipped items aren't stored in a loadout, but a customer can reasonably expect the overall state of their inventory to persist across sessions

FILE MANAGEMENT
Loadouts can be created (from the current equipment configuration) overwritten, renamed or deleted as necessary.

IMPORTING LOADOUTS
Importing a loadout replaces the current equipment configuration. When listing the available loadouts, a proxy menu entry titled "Current Gear" is exposed. This way, a customer always has the current equipment configuration available while inspecting other loadouts.

WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU SELECT A LOADOUT
Selecting the loadout returns the cutomer to the Equipment Screen. The customer's equipment configuration now matches the configuration defined by the loadout.

MISSING ITEMS
Loadout designations are incomplete when they no longer match the customer inventory. The missing items (Equipment, Mods, Skins) may be STASHED or UNAVAILABLE

When an incomplete loadout is imported the Equipment Configuration is updated with all valid items. Missing items will be ignored.

When the missing items are stashed the customer is notified that these items are available in their stash

When the missing items are unavailable the customer is notified that these items no longer exist. A prompt is provided to "cleanup" which will remove the missing items and update the loadout.

KEYBINDS
Buttons are held (long press) to confirm a destructive action
- importing a loadout
- overwriting a loadout
- creating a new loadoutg
- removing a loadout
- cleaning up a loadout

Buttons are tapped (pressed) to initiate other functions
- renaming a loadout
- duplicating a loadout
- comparing loadouts

---

## [2020-12-17 11:35] eso

I've  created a prototype for loadout menu and updated the design doc with that link
I've written out a description of this system and need to make a few gfx updates to the XD file to export the LOADOUT MENU assets

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
x Visual Edits
x EQUIPMENT NOTES - STASHED CONTENT
x EQUIPMENT NOTES - UNAVAILABLE CONTENT
x EQUIPMENT NOTES - STASHED & UNAVAILABLE CONTENT

THEN
Content Edits
- make an assessment of what's missing and what needs editing in the presentation doc
- use headings for the feature description as basis for new slides.

---

## [2020-12-17 12:48] eso

I am ready to present
I'm missing detail on the keybinds appearing contextually on the LOADOUT MENU. I can point those out during my preseentation and add to the design doc afterward

---

## [2020-12-17 14:15] eso

was able to add Keybind notes to the design document beefore presneting. Nice job., Well received

---

## [2020-12-18 10:46] His Portfolio

As I read about deep dream and inceptionism in general, I realize my mental model about that process was a bit incorrect. Maybe even backwards.

Deepdream is a way to optimize images to make neurons fire.

---

## [2020-12-18 10:46] deepdreamvisionquest

As I read about deep dream and inceptionism in general, I realize my mental model about that process was a bit incorrect. Maybe even backwards. 

Deepdream is a way to optimize images to make neurons fire.

---

## [2020-12-18 10:46] garyboodhooworld

As I read about deep dream and inceptionism in general, I realize my mental model about that process was a bit incorrect. Maybe even backwards.

Deepdream is a way to optimize images to make neurons fire.

---

## [2020-12-18 10:46] profile

As I read about deep dream and inceptionism in general, I realize my mental model about that process was a bit incorrect. Maybe even backwards.

Deepdream is a way to optimize images to make neurons fire.

---

## [2020-12-18 10:46] spirit animal

As I read about deep dream and inceptionism in general, I realize my mental model about that process was a bit incorrect. Maybe even backwards. 

Deepdream is a way to optimize images to make neurons fire.

---

## [2020-12-21 10:53] eso

exporting EQUIPMENT3010 and related XD files to HVAULT. I'll notify Jason and have him update the material in the Asset Browser

---

## [2020-12-21 11:27] eso

notified Jason about the update to this screen. Told him I'd follow up w a Gear Skin design

---

## [2020-12-21 12:53] His Portfolio

I continue to experiment with tensorflow using docker, which is presenting some shifts in my thinking about the kind of development I've previously done/ Is there really a difference though? There's a conceptual bridge I haven't fully crossed yet. I'm stepping thru a python 3 & bash shell workflow to see how it works

---

## [2020-12-21 12:53] deepdreamvisionquest

I continue to experiment with tensorflow using docker, which is presenting some shifts in my thinking about the kind of development I've previously done/ Is there really a difference though? There's a conceptual bridge I haven't fully crossed yet. I'm stepping thru a python 3 & bash shell workflow to see how it works

---

## [2020-12-21 12:53] garyboodhooworld

I continue to experiment with tensorflow using docker, which is presenting some shifts in my thinking about the kind of development I've previously done/ Is there really a difference though? There's a conceptual bridge I haven't fully crossed yet. I'm stepping thru a python 3 & bash shell workflow to see how it works

---

## [2020-12-21 12:53] profile

I continue to experiment with tensorflow using docker, which is presenting some shifts in my thinking about the kind of development I've previously done/ Is there really a difference though? There's a conceptual bridge I haven't fully crossed yet. I'm stepping thru a python 3 & bash shell workflow to see how it works

---

## [2020-12-21 12:53] spirit animal

I continue to experiment with tensorflow using docker, which is presenting some shifts in my thinking about the kind of development I've previously done/ Is there really a difference though? There's a conceptual bridge I haven't fully crossed yet. I'm stepping thru a python 3 & bash shell workflow to see how it works

---

## [2020-12-22 13:23] His Portfolio

I feel like I'm losing sight of my goals in the details. let me state them clearly :)

I want to run the realtime object recognition demo mentioned here:
https://www.sicara.ai/blog/2017-11-28-set-tensorflow-docker-gpu

It does some interesting things:
- demonstrates providing webcam access to docker image
- requires OpenCV
- requires TensorFlow
- requires Python3

My expectation:
- I can locate a Docker image with a Tensor Flow GPU OpenCV environment
    - what's preventing that?
- I don't have to hand-roll anything because the whole pointer of Docker is trivial environment setup for the stuff I want to do


candidate
- fbcotter/docker-tensorflow-opencv
  - opens Jupyter server after Docker run. I need a bash prompt
  - able to enter bash prompt now
  - need to pull down git repository inside this environment
  - git command is available
  - opencv is available

---

## [2020-12-22 13:23] deepdreamvisionquest

I feel like I'm losing sight of my goals in the details. let me state them clearly :)

I want to run the realtime object recognition demo mentioned here:
https://www.sicara.ai/blog/2017-11-28-set-tensorflow-docker-gpu

It does some interesting things:
- demonstrates providing webcam access to docker image
- requires OpenCV
- requires TensorFlow
- requires Python3

My expectation:
- I can locate a Docker image with a Tensor Flow GPU OpenCV environment
    - what's preventing that?
- I don't have to hand-roll anything because the whole pointer of Docker is trivial environment setup for the stuff I want to do


candidate
- fbcotter/docker-tensorflow-opencv
  - opens Jupyter server after Docker run. I need a bash prompt
  - able to enter bash prompt now
  - need to pull down git repository inside this environment
  - git command is available
  - opencv is available

---

## [2020-12-22 13:23] garyboodhooworld

I feel like I'm losing sight of my goals in the details. let me state them clearly :)

I want to run the realtime object recognition demo mentioned here:
https://www.sicara.ai/blog/2017-11-28-set-tensorflow-docker-gpu

It does some interesting things:
- demonstrates providing webcam access to docker image
- requires OpenCV
- requires TensorFlow
- requires Python3

My expectation:
- I can locate a Docker image with a Tensor Flow GPU OpenCV environment
    - what's preventing that?
- I don't have to hand-roll anything because the whole pointer of Docker is trivial environment setup for the stuff I want to do


candidate
- fbcotter/docker-tensorflow-opencv
  - opens Jupyter server after Docker run. I need a bash prompt
  - able to enter bash prompt now
  - need to pull down git repository inside this environment
  - git command is available
  - opencv is available

---

## [2020-12-22 13:23] profile

I feel like I'm losing sight of my goals in the details. let me state them clearly :)

I want to run the realtime object recognition demo mentioned here:
https://www.sicara.ai/blog/2017-11-28-set-tensorflow-docker-gpu

It does some interesting things:
- demonstrates providing webcam access to docker image
- requires OpenCV
- requires TensorFlow
- requires Python3

My expectation:
- I can locate a Docker image with a Tensor Flow GPU OpenCV environment
    - what's preventing that?
- I don't have to hand-roll anything because the whole pointer of Docker is trivial environment setup for the stuff I want to do


candidate
- fbcotter/docker-tensorflow-opencv
  - opens Jupyter server after Docker run. I need a bash prompt
  - able to enter bash prompt now
  - need to pull down git repository inside this environment
  - git command is available
  - opencv is available

---

## [2020-12-22 13:23] spirit animal

I feel like I'm losing sight of my goals in the details. let me state them clearly :)

I want to run the realtime object recognition demo mentioned here:
https://www.sicara.ai/blog/2017-11-28-set-tensorflow-docker-gpu

It does some interesting things:
- demonstrates providing webcam access to docker image
- requires OpenCV
- requires TensorFlow
- requires Python3

My expectation:
- I can locate a Docker image with a Tensor Flow GPU OpenCV environment
    - what's preventing that?
- I don't have to hand-roll anything because the whole pointer of Docker is trivial environment setup for the stuff I want to do


candidate
- fbcotter/docker-tensorflow-opencv
  - opens Jupyter server after Docker run. I need a bash prompt
  - able to enter bash prompt now
  - need to pull down git repository inside this environment
  - git command is available
  - opencv is available

---

## [2020-12-22 17:34] His Portfolio

this particular repository isn't working properly, but its running. Not sure where the problem is. Suspected that I need a different version of tensorflow or opencv ?

In the meantime i verified webcam input to this machine using the familiar Video4Linux control panel

---

## [2020-12-22 17:34] deepdreamvisionquest

this particular repository isn't working properly, but its running. Not sure where the problem is. Suspected that I need a different version of tensorflow or opencv ?

In the meantime i verified webcam input to this machine using the familiar Video4Linux control panel

---

## [2020-12-22 17:34] garyboodhooworld

this particular repository isn't working properly, but its running. Not sure where the problem is. Suspected that I need a different version of tensorflow or opencv ?

In the meantime i verified webcam input to this machine using the familiar Video4Linux control panel

---

## [2020-12-22 17:34] profile

this particular repository isn't working properly, but its running. Not sure where the problem is. Suspected that I need a different version of tensorflow or opencv ?

In the meantime i verified webcam input to this machine using the familiar Video4Linux control panel

---

## [2020-12-22 17:34] spirit animal

this particular repository isn't working properly, but its running. Not sure where the problem is. Suspected that I need a different version of tensorflow or opencv ?

In the meantime i verified webcam input to this machine using the familiar Video4Linux control panel

---

## [2020-12-23 11:17] His Portfolio

better understanding of containers and images after doing some tutorial work with Docker
I found a collection of images that I may be able to pull down for my purposes

DOCKERFILE WITH NVIDIA GPU SUPPORT FOR TENSORFLOW AND OPENCV
https://github.com/datamachines/cuda_tensorflow_opencv/blob/master/README.md


docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv
docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:10.2_1.15.4_4.5.0-20201204


docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423
- Cuda 9.2
- CudNN 7.65
- Tensorflow 1.15.2
- OpenCV 3.4.10

cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:
- installs Cuda 9.2
- installs CudNN 7.65
- Builds a GPU optimized TensorFlow
- Builds a GPU optimized OpenCV
- installs Jupyter
- installs Keras
- installs numpy
- installs pandas
- installs PyTorchdock
- installs X11 support
- python 2.7
- python 3.6

Testing GPU availability for TensorFlow:

CONTAINER_ID="datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423" ../runDocker.sh -X -N -c python3 -- /dmc/tf_hw.py


docker run -it --name testrun -v $(realpath ~/code):/dmc datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423 bash

---

## [2020-12-23 11:17] deepdreamvisionquest

better understanding of containers and images after doing some tutorial work with Docker
I found a collection of images that I may be able to pull down for my purposes

DOCKERFILE WITH NVIDIA GPU SUPPORT FOR TENSORFLOW AND OPENCV
https://github.com/datamachines/cuda_tensorflow_opencv/blob/master/README.md


docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv
docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:10.2_1.15.4_4.5.0-20201204


docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423
- Cuda 9.2
- CudNN 7.65
- Tensorflow 1.15.2
- OpenCV 3.4.10

cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:
- installs Cuda 9.2
- installs CudNN 7.65
- Builds a GPU optimized TensorFlow
- Builds a GPU optimized OpenCV
- installs Jupyter
- installs Keras
- installs numpy
- installs pandas
- installs PyTorchdock
- installs X11 support
- python 2.7
- python 3.6

Testing GPU availability for TensorFlow:

CONTAINER_ID="datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423" ../runDocker.sh -X -N -c python3 -- /dmc/tf_hw.py


docker run -it --name testrun -v $(realpath ~/code):/dmc datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423 bash

---

## [2020-12-23 11:17] garyboodhooworld

better understanding of containers and images after doing some tutorial work with Docker
I found a collection of images that I may be able to pull down for my purposes

DOCKERFILE WITH NVIDIA GPU SUPPORT FOR TENSORFLOW AND OPENCV
https://github.com/datamachines/cuda_tensorflow_opencv/blob/master/README.md


docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv
docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:10.2_1.15.4_4.5.0-20201204


docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423
- Cuda 9.2
- CudNN 7.65
- Tensorflow 1.15.2
- OpenCV 3.4.10

cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:
- installs Cuda 9.2
- installs CudNN 7.65
- Builds a GPU optimized TensorFlow
- Builds a GPU optimized OpenCV
- installs Jupyter
- installs Keras
- installs numpy
- installs pandas
- installs PyTorchdock
- installs X11 support
- python 2.7
- python 3.6

Testing GPU availability for TensorFlow:

CONTAINER_ID="datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423" ../runDocker.sh -X -N -c python3 -- /dmc/tf_hw.py


docker run -it --name testrun -v $(realpath ~/code):/dmc datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423 bash

---

## [2020-12-23 11:17] profile

better understanding of containers and images after doing some tutorial work with Docker
I found a collection of images that I may be able to pull down for my purposes

DOCKERFILE WITH NVIDIA GPU SUPPORT FOR TENSORFLOW AND OPENCV
https://github.com/datamachines/cuda_tensorflow_opencv/blob/master/README.md


docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv
docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:10.2_1.15.4_4.5.0-20201204


docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423
- Cuda 9.2
- CudNN 7.65
- Tensorflow 1.15.2
- OpenCV 3.4.10

cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:
- installs Cuda 9.2
- installs CudNN 7.65
- Builds a GPU optimized TensorFlow
- Builds a GPU optimized OpenCV
- installs Jupyter
- installs Keras
- installs numpy
- installs pandas
- installs PyTorchdock
- installs X11 support
- python 2.7
- python 3.6

Testing GPU availability for TensorFlow:

CONTAINER_ID="datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423" ../runDocker.sh -X -N -c python3 -- /dmc/tf_hw.py


docker run -it --name testrun -v $(realpath ~/code):/dmc datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423 bash

---

## [2020-12-23 11:17] spirit animal

better understanding of containers and images after doing some tutorial work with Docker
I found a collection of images that I may be able to pull down for my purposes

DOCKERFILE WITH NVIDIA GPU SUPPORT FOR TENSORFLOW AND OPENCV
https://github.com/datamachines/cuda_tensorflow_opencv/blob/master/README.md


docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv
docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:10.2_1.15.4_4.5.0-20201204


docker pull datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423
- Cuda 9.2
- CudNN 7.65
- Tensorflow 1.15.2
- OpenCV 3.4.10

cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:
- installs Cuda 9.2
- installs CudNN 7.65
- Builds a GPU optimized TensorFlow
- Builds a GPU optimized OpenCV
- installs Jupyter
- installs Keras
- installs numpy
- installs pandas
- installs PyTorchdock
- installs X11 support
- python 2.7
- python 3.6

Testing GPU availability for TensorFlow:

CONTAINER_ID="datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423" ../runDocker.sh -X -N -c python3 -- /dmc/tf_hw.py


docker run -it --name testrun -v $(realpath ~/code):/dmc datamachines/cudnn_tensorflow_opencv:9.2_1.15.2_3.4.10-20200423 bash

---

## [2020-12-23 15:09] His Portfolio

I'm getting closer to understanding how to use docker for my workflow, but even now feeling like I'm missing the point of it all. There are some fundamental assumptions I'm making that are getting in the way. I thought that the first challenge would be to verify webcam input to a docker container. It turns out to be more fundamental.

I spent time today understanding how to read/write between the host and a container. I was able to do so using the Volumes feature, but ran into permission issues while doing so. Best case I was able to achieve was verifying superuser password every time a file was saved from the host filesystem to the container. I'm reading that the Mounting feature may be the better option.

What am I expecting
- I expect to use sublime text to write code and data which will be stored in an understood project structure on my local filesystem
- I expect to use git for version control of my source materials, using same workflow previously established for deepdreamvisionquest
- I expect to choose a dev environment which matches dependencies of the software I use, instead of configuring the dev environment myself
- I expect that by using docker containers, I will avoid having to configure my machine at all
- I expect for a container to receive webcam input

What am I assuming
- the container needs to be running while I write code
- the command to execute code must be entered from a shell inside a running container

Instead of running code from a prompt inside the container
(like this)

root@f974732a7fdb:# cd ./code/myProject
root@f974732a7fdb:/code/myProject# python myApp.py

I could instead:
docker run -it -v $(realpath ~/code/myproject):/myproject python:latest python /myproject/myapp.py

verified working. extremly clunky though, but there are some ways to simplify
- I think its possible to abstract $(realpath ~/code/myproject) as 'myproject'
  - an added benefit is that now this declaration can be shared with other containers

---

## [2020-12-23 15:09] deepdreamvisionquest

I'm getting closer to understanding how to use docker for my workflow, but even now feeling like I'm missing the point of it all. There are some fundamental assumptions I'm making that are getting in the way. I thought that the first challenge would be to verify webcam input to a docker container. It turns out to be more fundamental.

I spent time today understanding how to read/write between the host and a container. I was able to do so using the Volumes feature, but ran into permission issues while doing so. Best case I was able to achieve was verifying superuser password every time a file was saved from the host filesystem to the container. I'm reading that the Mounting feature may be the better option.

What am I expecting
- I expect to use sublime text to write code and data which will be stored in an understood project structure on my local filesystem
- I expect to use git for version control of my source materials, using same workflow previously established for deepdreamvisionquest
- I expect to choose a dev environment which matches dependencies of the software I use, instead of configuring the dev environment myself
- I expect that by using docker containers, I will avoid having to configure my machine at all
- I expect for a container to receive webcam input

What am I assuming
- the container needs to be running while I write code
- the command to execute code must be entered from a shell inside a running container

Instead of running code from a prompt inside the container
(like this)

root@f974732a7fdb:# cd ./code/myProject
root@f974732a7fdb:/code/myProject# python myApp.py

I could instead:
docker run -it -v $(realpath ~/code/myproject):/myproject python:latest python /myproject/myapp.py

verified working. extremly clunky though, but there are some ways to simplify
- I think its possible to abstract $(realpath ~/code/myproject) as 'myproject'
  - an added benefit is that now this declaration can be shared with other containers

---

## [2020-12-23 15:09] garyboodhooworld

I'm getting closer to understanding how to use docker for my workflow, but even now feeling like I'm missing the point of it all. There are some fundamental assumptions I'm making that are getting in the way. I thought that the first challenge would be to verify webcam input to a docker container. It turns out to be more fundamental.

I spent time today understanding how to read/write between the host and a container. I was able to do so using the Volumes feature, but ran into permission issues while doing so. Best case I was able to achieve was verifying superuser password every time a file was saved from the host filesystem to the container. I'm reading that the Mounting feature may be the better option.

What am I expecting
- I expect to use sublime text to write code and data which will be stored in an understood project structure on my local filesystem
- I expect to use git for version control of my source materials, using same workflow previously established for deepdreamvisionquest
- I expect to choose a dev environment which matches dependencies of the software I use, instead of configuring the dev environment myself
- I expect that by using docker containers, I will avoid having to configure my machine at all
- I expect for a container to receive webcam input

What am I assuming
- the container needs to be running while I write code
- the command to execute code must be entered from a shell inside a running container

Instead of running code from a prompt inside the container
(like this)

root@f974732a7fdb:# cd ./code/myProject
root@f974732a7fdb:/code/myProject# python myApp.py

I could instead:
docker run -it -v $(realpath ~/code/myproject):/myproject python:latest python /myproject/myapp.py

verified working. extremly clunky though, but there are some ways to simplify
- I think its possible to abstract $(realpath ~/code/myproject) as 'myproject'
  - an added benefit is that now this declaration can be shared with other containers

---

## [2020-12-23 15:09] profile

I'm getting closer to understanding how to use docker for my workflow, but even now feeling like I'm missing the point of it all. There are some fundamental assumptions I'm making that are getting in the way. I thought that the first challenge would be to verify webcam input to a docker container. It turns out to be more fundamental.

I spent time today understanding how to read/write between the host and a container. I was able to do so using the Volumes feature, but ran into permission issues while doing so. Best case I was able to achieve was verifying superuser password every time a file was saved from the host filesystem to the container. I'm reading that the Mounting feature may be the better option.

What am I expecting
- I expect to use sublime text to write code and data which will be stored in an understood project structure on my local filesystem
- I expect to use git for version control of my source materials, using same workflow previously established for deepdreamvisionquest
- I expect to choose a dev environment which matches dependencies of the software I use, instead of configuring the dev environment myself
- I expect that by using docker containers, I will avoid having to configure my machine at all
- I expect for a container to receive webcam input

What am I assuming
- the container needs to be running while I write code
- the command to execute code must be entered from a shell inside a running container

Instead of running code from a prompt inside the container
(like this)

root@f974732a7fdb:# cd ./code/myProject
root@f974732a7fdb:/code/myProject# python myApp.py

I could instead:
docker run -it -v $(realpath ~/code/myproject):/myproject python:latest python /myproject/myapp.py

verified working. extremly clunky though, but there are some ways to simplify
- I think its possible to abstract $(realpath ~/code/myproject) as 'myproject'
  - an added benefit is that now this declaration can be shared with other containers

---

## [2020-12-23 15:09] spirit animal

I'm getting closer to understanding how to use docker for my workflow, but even now feeling like I'm missing the point of it all. There are some fundamental assumptions I'm making that are getting in the way. I thought that the first challenge would be to verify webcam input to a docker container. It turns out to be more fundamental.

I spent time today understanding how to read/write between the host and a container. I was able to do so using the Volumes feature, but ran into permission issues while doing so. Best case I was able to achieve was verifying superuser password every time a file was saved from the host filesystem to the container. I'm reading that the Mounting feature may be the better option.

What am I expecting
- I expect to use sublime text to write code and data which will be stored in an understood project structure on my local filesystem
- I expect to use git for version control of my source materials, using same workflow previously established for deepdreamvisionquest
- I expect to choose a dev environment which matches dependencies of the software I use, instead of configuring the dev environment myself
- I expect that by using docker containers, I will avoid having to configure my machine at all
- I expect for a container to receive webcam input

What am I assuming
- the container needs to be running while I write code
- the command to execute code must be entered from a shell inside a running container

Instead of running code from a prompt inside the container
(like this)

root@f974732a7fdb:# cd ./code/myProject
root@f974732a7fdb:/code/myProject# python myApp.py

I could instead:
docker run -it -v $(realpath ~/code/myproject):/myproject python:latest python /myproject/myapp.py

verified working. extremly clunky though, but there are some ways to simplify
- I think its possible to abstract $(realpath ~/code/myproject) as 'myproject'
  - an added benefit is that now this declaration can be shared with other containers

---

## [2020-12-23 23:46] His Portfolio

spent time setting up networking between LOCUTUS and HALLUCINATR. Sharing my Windows user folder to linux machine and am able to read/write to the filesystem from either machine

---

## [2020-12-23 23:46] deepdreamvisionquest

spent time setting up networking between LOCUTUS and HALLUCINATR. Sharing my Windows user folder to linux machine and am able to read/write to the filesystem from either machine

---

## [2020-12-23 23:46] garyboodhooworld

spent time setting up networking between LOCUTUS and HALLUCINATR. Sharing my Windows user folder to linux machine and am able to read/write to the filesystem from either machine

---

## [2020-12-23 23:46] profile

spent time setting up networking between LOCUTUS and HALLUCINATR. Sharing my Windows user folder to linux machine and am able to read/write to the filesystem from either machine

---

## [2020-12-23 23:46] spirit animal

spent time setting up networking between LOCUTUS and HALLUCINATR. Sharing my Windows user folder to linux machine and am able to read/write to the filesystem from either machine

---

## [2020-12-24 00:48] His Portfolio

following up on the material about docker mounts vs volumes

NEXT
create a container from opencv image
- validate basic webcam demo created at /code/cvwebcam/src/webcam.py

---

## [2020-12-24 00:48] deepdreamvisionquest

following up on the material about docker mounts vs volumes

NEXT
create a container from opencv image
- validate basic webcam demo created at /code/cvwebcam/src/webcam.py

---

## [2020-12-24 00:48] garyboodhooworld

following up on the material about docker mounts vs volumes

NEXT
create a container from opencv image
- validate basic webcam demo created at /code/cvwebcam/src/webcam.py

---

## [2020-12-24 00:48] profile

following up on the material about docker mounts vs volumes

NEXT
create a container from opencv image
- validate basic webcam demo created at /code/cvwebcam/src/webcam.py

---

## [2020-12-24 00:48] spirit animal

following up on the material about docker mounts vs volumes

NEXT
create a container from opencv image
- validate basic webcam demo created at /code/cvwebcam/src/webcam.py

---

## [2020-12-24 11:26] eso

reviewing notes for Gear SKINS design
planning my design

What does a skin item look like?
What does a skin profile look like?
How do you show skin assignments on Equipment Notes?
How do you show Skin assignments on Equipment Profile?
How do you assign skins to equipped items?
How do you show an inventory of skins?

---

## [2020-12-24 13:45] eso

mapping out the ideas in the design brief. There's a larger design regarding customization and MTX that I don't need to examine further beyond calling out the opportunity.

---

## [2020-12-24 16:22] eso

finished mapping out the design brief. I can answer some of the questions I posed earlier.

WHAT DOES A SKIN ITEM LOOK LIKE?
Skins are presented as app icons in a gallery list. Visuals are constructed from a stack of layered content allowing for modular and thematic representations.

WHAT DOES A SKIN PROFILE LOOK LIKE?
The Skin profile shows Skin name, condition, appraised value, quality, edition, description and an array of implemented visual components. Presentation extends MOD Profile

HOW DO YOU SHOW SKIN ASSIGNMENTS ON EQUIPMENT NOTES?
The Skin's Appicon is prominently shown, similarly to MODs, but with larger visual identity

HOW DO YOU SHOW SKIN ASSIGNMENTS ON EQUIPMENT PROFILE?
(assumption)
Create a dedicated Profile row
will need to show appicon, condition, quality

HOW DO YOU ASSIGN SKINS TO EQUIPPED ITEMS?
(assumption)
workflow should be identical to MOD assignment
Can this workflow be integrated into MOD assignment as an additional type of MOD slot?

HOW DO YOU SHOW AN INVENTORY OF SKINS?
(keep thinking about it)
What's important to a customer when they're looking through a Skin inventory?
How did they arrive at this moment?
Potential point of purchase. I think its important to call out sales and marketing opportunity for game content here

NEXT
- create XD design document
- import PROFILE component from library
- add new SKIN state to PROFILE
- construct some categorized layouts using today's sketches as the basis
- create EQUIPMENT3020 presentation deck from EQUIPMENT3010
- take a guess at what new slides will need to be added to this
- create or update these assets
	- SKIN appicons (create)
	- SKIN INVENTORY (w categories and MTX)
	- EQUIPMENT PROFILE (updated to show skin assignments now)
	- EQUIPMENT NOTES (updated to show skin assignments)
	- MOD-ASSIGNMENT-FLOW (update to include SKINs as a special MOD type)

---

## [2020-12-24 17:43] His Portfolio

moving these notes to the spiritanimal log

---

## [2020-12-24 17:43] deepdreamvisionquest

moving these notes to the spiritanimal log

---

## [2020-12-24 17:43] garyboodhooworld

moving these notes to the spiritanimal log

---

## [2020-12-24 17:43] profile

moving these notes to the spiritanimal log

---

## [2020-12-24 17:43] spirit animal

moving these notes to the spiritanimal log

---

## [2020-12-24 17:50] deepdreamvisionquest

I'm going to step through a docker exercise in we want to build a very basic website using a Node.js server with a React front end. For purposes of the tutorial we will Dockerize both server and client

actually ended up avoiding that tutorial because of the node.js related dependencies that cause my to spin my wheels.

---

## [2020-12-24 17:50] spirit animal

I'm going to step through a docker exercise in we want to build a very basic website using a Node.js server with a React front end. For purposes of the tutorial we will Dockerize both server and client

actually ended up avoiding that tutorial because of the node.js related dependencies that cause my to spin my wheels.

---

## [2020-12-27 13:48] eso

creating XD design document

---

## [2020-12-27 15:00] eso

I've recreated the MOD Browser with components from EQUIPMENT-Library in a new XD document copied from the MOD design.

NEXT
Recreate INVENTORY-MOD-1
create simple stepthru between browser & Inventory to see where a Skin slot will fit.
Figure out details of Skin slot placement  on Equipment notes too

---

## [2020-12-27 18:03] eso

recreated INVENTORY-MOD-1
recreated EQUIPMENT-WEAPONA-1
added simple behaviors to step from Equipment -> Mod Browser -> MOD Inventory

---

## [2020-12-28 09:04] eso

I'm at a place with the design where i'm ready to add  the SKIN slot. Pretty sure I can stack it as a single line item underneath the MOD slots. Sketch that out and see how it goes.

---

## [2020-12-29 14:47] eso

completed first draft of SKIN slot, showing populated thematic skin item. Incorporated with object profile layouts and it looks nice. I've added a skin browsing and skin inventory state to the prototyped flow.

---

## [2020-12-29 14:54] eso

added basic title layer to SKIN item
working out details of SKIN inventory list now

---

## [2020-12-29 16:00] eso

I've setup an inventory list for SKINS

---

## [2020-12-29 16:13] eso

refining inventory list and figuring out categories. behavior and layout are nice.

NEXT - cleanup
x add equipped flag to MODS
x add equipped flag to SKINS
x add focused color coding to MOD slot
x add focused color coding to SKIN slot
x add proper icons to MOD slots
x add new draft slides to design document

---

## [2020-12-29 17:56] eso

created new design doc EQUIPMENT3020

---

## [2020-12-30 01:28] eso

revised SKIN & MOD array layout on PROFILE component
After reviewing previous work on inventory I realized I was showing SKIN items in 3 different sizes. These edits are intended to normalize item sizes

---

## [2020-12-30 08:49] eso

updated INVENTORY-SKINS to use 4-col layout. This brings the size of the skin items to a good scale relative to the other content on the EQUIPMENT NOTES

---

## [2020-12-30 09:02] eso

started updating EQUIPMENT NOTS to include SKIN assignment.

---

## [2020-12-30 11:13] eso

I've updated the EQUIPMENT NOTES layout to be more compact and cleaner

---

## [2020-12-30 11:25] eso

updated equipment notes. cleaner.

---

## [2020-12-30 11:35] eso

updated equipment notes. maybe even cleaner?

---

## [2020-12-30 12:54] eso

finalized new template for EQUIPMENT NOTES

MODS
x populate EQUIPMENT NOTES with MODS (to show how empty mod slots will look)
x add MODS to EQUIPMENT PROFILES
x update MOD inventory layout
x update MOD EQUIPMENT NOTES to match revised LOADOUT EQUIPMENT NOTES

SKINS
x figure out categorization for SKIN inventory list
- layout and design for SKIN profile

REGRESS
- update LOADOUT design with revisions
- update MODS design with revisions
- update EQUIPMENT design with revisions

---

## [2020-12-30 14:07] eso

Filling in the details of EQUIPMENT NOTES

---

## [2020-12-30 15:12] eso

continuing to add MODS to EQUIPMENT profiles

---

## [2020-12-30 16:12] eso

updated MOD Inventory design so that each MOD type is a seperate row, and within that row, the MODS are sorted by quality. Visually works as a histogram showing the distribution of MODS

---

## [2020-12-30 16:46] eso

updating MOD EQUIPMENT NOTES and will then move on to the SKIN PROFILE

---

## [2020-12-30 17:11] eso

finished updating MOD EQUIPMENT NOTES
Validating that design work by updating the LOADOUT design w new parts

SKINS
- layout and design for SKIN profile

REGRESS
x update LOADOUT design with revisions
- update MODS design with revisions
- update EQUIPMENT design with revisions

---

## [2020-12-30 20:39] eso

updating LOADOUT design

---

## [2020-12-30 21:35] eso

finished updating LOADOUT design

---

## [2020-12-30 21:38] eso

re-exported prototypes to Creative Cloud
updated design doc

LOADOUTS FROM PAN-LINK
https://xd.adobe.com/view/b645b293-39af-4d49-ba01-59f90bd0d71f-e316/?fullscreen

LOADOUT MENU
https://xd.adobe.com/view/798f8c72-cf52-4f8d-bf82-e9760d954f02-2cdc/?fullscreen

SKINS
P2 layout and design for SKIN profile

REGRESS
P1 update MODS design with revisions
P1 update EQUIPMENT design with revisions

DELIVERABLE
- copy XD files to local
- export Powerpoint as PDF
- save to HVAULT
- notify team on UX channel @Jason

---

## [2020-12-31 01:20] deepdreamvisionquest

stepped through the docker tutorial again, and was able to get into the spirit of it better after some distance. The development workflow that I was confused about previously seems pretty straightforward now.

---

## [2020-12-31 01:20] spirit animal

stepped through the docker tutorial again, and was able to get into the spirit of it better after some distance. The development workflow that I was confused about previously seems pretty straightforward now.

---

## [2020-12-31 12:18] eso

working on SKIN PROFILE

---

## [2020-12-31 14:09] eso

game research for prior examples

---

## [2020-12-31 14:17] eso

I think I may be asking too much of the SKIN PROFILE here
Its a case where the appearance of the item tells the full story

---

## [2020-12-31 15:10] eso

What's its name?
What's its quality (especially because we're sorting each skin by tier in the inventory)
Is this skin a special edition?

FEATURES
- what features does this skin have
- how can this skin be modified later

---

## [2020-12-31 16:28] eso

making some progress slowly.

---

