# Raw Entries for August 2020

**Total Entries:** 134
**Projects:** RPVR, eso

---

## [2020-08-02 13:48] eso

I want to finalize the doc this worksession

review slides
create a list of chat needs doing for each

x OVERVIEW
x FEATURE BREAKOUT
x ABOUT WAYPOINTS
x ABOUT PROXIMITY
x ABOUT LOCATION vs DIRECTION
ACTIVATING NAV-ASSIST
x DEACTIVATING NAV-ASSIST
x INSPECTING WAYPOINTS
INTERACTING WITH WAYPOINTS

---

## [2020-08-02 15:17] eso

NEXT
x ACTIVATING NAV-ASSIST
- INTERACTING WITH WAYPOINTS

---

## [2020-08-02 19:12] eso

added content to INTERACTING WITH WAYPOINT slide, needs further layouy ETA 15m

---

## [2020-08-03 07:48] RPVR

sent out RPVR invoice

---

## [2020-08-03 07:48] RPVR

I rescheduled the wireframe review meeting to Tuesday am 8/4. Spending today focused on deliverables for discussion about next steps

---

## [2020-08-03 07:48] eso

sent out ZOS invoice

---

## [2020-08-03 07:50] eso

meeting with Jason shortly to go over my schedule and set tasks for this Sprint. Chatted with Max earlier about my available work as I wasn't assigned anything new last week. Sprint planning is this week

Seeing what I can do to finalize NAVASSIST2530 in the next 5 minutes.

---

## [2020-08-03 07:57] eso

completed NAVASSIST 2530. exporting to PDF then transferring to ZOS

---

## [2020-08-03 08:41] eso

roboto font
deconstruct Equipment screen and provide static assets for Jason

---

## [2020-08-03 09:40] eso

transferred NAV-ASSIST2530 to HVAULT

---

## [2020-08-03 09:52] RPVR

collating last week's material and feedback and determining what I want to present tomorrow

---

## [2020-08-03 15:38] eso

made good progress on deconstructing the Inventory design from Powerpoint to Illustrator. More labor intensive than anticipated. Completed next worksession  ETA 2h

---

## [2020-08-03 23:14] RPVR

I spent the day sketching some ideas and figuring out what to do next. Now I'm doing it quickly.

I've widened the layout to a more horizontal aspect - a consequence of that is that the challenges are listed in 2 columns, which might work, but relies on each of the list items being the same size?

2 options
- turn the challenge listing into a carousel, where each item may be of independent height
- make the items shorter
- make the items wider
- make the large are into a 2-col layout
- make the large are have a lot of whitespace

---

## [2020-08-04 01:31] RPVR

I have the basic framing layout configured     
I have the challenge category layout configured
I have the account information configured
I have the rank information configured

NEXT
x figure out challenge item list
- set up histogram-based reward listing
- setup notifications list

I don't want to spend available time exporting to Google Slides. Will present difrectly from XD

---

## [2020-08-04 02:12] RPVR

landed on a 2-col solution for challenge items. nice job. definitely more readable and more present than the

---

## [2020-08-04 07:29] RPVR

x Challenge list - Adventure
x Challenge list - Hunt
x Rewards list
x Notifications list

---

## [2020-08-04 09:41] RPVR

ready to present.

---

## [2020-08-04 10:23] eso

spoke w Jason. he doesn't need equipment list state for the equipment screen
NEXT
x add assets to equipment slots
x add weapon focus asset
x add ammo counters
x export png of full screen rgba
x collect weapon assets used
x bundle deliverable and transfer to hvault

---

## [2020-08-04 11:26] RPVR

went well

NEXT
- transfer to SLIDES
- share to Slack channel

---

## [2020-08-05 09:49] eso

adding a FOCUSING slide to NAVASSIST 2530

---

## [2020-08-05 09:59] RPVR

meeting w progression workgroup to discuss prototyping goals

---

## [2020-08-05 10:45] eso

completed FOCUSING slide
- export as PDF
- transfer to HVAULT

---

## [2020-08-05 13:25] eso

looking thru the prototype video w the group I see that ANiva designed a Mission completed layout I may be able to adapt or conform the objective readout to. I can include that idea in my next pass on QUEST-TRACKER and make the assumption that the display area used here is the same component

---

## [2020-08-06 12:33] eso

I'll be continuing work on QUEST TRACKER as I'd wanted
NEXT
- figure out next steps
x setup meeting w Jessica/team

---

## [2020-08-06 17:42] RPVR

I've spent several hours researching VR/UI patterns in
SteamVR
Oculush Dashboard
Alyx
Soundstage VR
Various Valve lab experiments

Valve is by far the most interesting and refined developer catured here.
Soundstage VR is the most BASIC, but possibly either the target or the anti- target. Not sure which.

I collated images and took quick notes as I went

NEXT
- spend some time refining and reducing the amount of research captured in slides
- annotate where possible
- I want to get to a point where I can stand up a panel type layout (SteamVR), a Pages on Rails type layout (Alyx), and a Simulated Device type layout (Valve Labs)
- From that point I want to be able to point to the research I've done as working examples of the form.

---

## [2020-08-06 22:17] RPVR

I've invested a lot of time on research and it feels like it might have been time spent doing something else. Its not like my basic design idea was changed significantly. I can state what the safe option is at least, and will spend the remaining time developing that idea further

NEXT
- take parts from wireframe and import into Sketchpad as a simple layout
    + validate and test for legibility and scale
- clean up research slides to point at the UI types I collated
    - slide 1: 3D wireframe layout
    - slide 2: Steam VR example
    - slide 3: Alyx example
    - slide 4: Valve Labs example

---

## [2020-08-07 06:16] RPVR

starting worksession to prep material for review later today

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
- reviewing the material I captured yesterday and seeing what I can ignore/delete

---

## [2020-08-07 07:57] RPVR

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
- taking a look at the recent wireframes in XD and exporting assets to bring into Sketchbox

my goal this morning is to make a literal translation of the wireframes into Sketchbox

---

## [2020-08-07 08:27] RPVR

evaluated presenting from inside Sketchbox VR environment. I'll want to share a link to this space which I think persists when I'm not in it.

---

## [2020-08-07 10:39] RPVR

did rough test during sprint review and came across the pain points for VR presentation. Need to be in that space at meeting start. Neet to have headset setup for speaking

---

## [2020-08-07 12:45] RPVR

ready to present. Only just now started some design thinking in this space.

---

## [2020-08-07 13:36] RPVR

presentation was well received
people on team are interested in using sketchbox
share link to sketchbox w channel

menu in Lone Echo was mentioned as reference for menuing

next steps:
step away from passport (?)
step into definition for global UX/UI
leading to mid level draft for prototyping global UX/UI

create JIRA task
global UX/UI - needs to have story points adjusted

---

## [2020-08-09 16:51] RPVR

working on layout iteration for details display. Seeing it VR pointed the way forward. I have worked out how to export assets from Blender to Sketchbox so can now work with greated precision with minimal effort. I'm working towards setting up a panel similar to SteamVR

the review last week was confusing but also exciting. I want to get material setup in Sketchbox for further iteration

---

## [2020-08-10 07:24] RPVR

shared updated layout idea w Ollie

TODAY
- sprint planning
- need more details about CT-1484 UI/UX R&D before I can scope tasks for this

https://sketchbox3d.com/join?id=030c48

---

## [2020-08-10 08:17] eso

meeting with Jessica & David to re-assess the quest tracker

NEXT
- review QUEST2340 presentation
- review my meeting notes from previous quest discussions
- determine the goals from this iteration

---

## [2020-08-10 09:16] eso

looking through the design brief there are a couple of points I did not address previously:
- advertising/suggesting quest content
	+ highlighting nearby quests (sort by location accomplishes this)
	+ why?
		* beneficial for players who are running low on things to do or items they can track

- sharing quest content

---

## [2020-08-10 09:44] eso

working on overview slide

---

## [2020-08-10 10:41] RPVR

captured screenshots from Sketchbox environment and updated Passport Devide Display Layout deck with new content as well as a link to a shared Sketchbox workspace

---

## [2020-08-10 11:20] RPVR

updated deck w screenshots and annotation and shared w channel

---

## [2020-08-10 11:46] RPVR

I have setup a meeting tomorrow to discuss findings from visual prototyping. Before that meeting I want to:
- update the visuals
- add a new approach

making those changes will take a minimum of 5h

---

## [2020-08-10 13:33] RPVR

sprint planning meeting

---

## [2020-08-10 18:47] RPVR

initial import into Sketchbox for layout iteration. At first glance, this is a good simplification of the prior version. Certainly feels easier to read.

---

## [2020-08-11 09:12] RPVR

I've seperated assets for import to Sketchbox. Doing so now.

---

## [2020-08-11 11:25] RPVR

ready to present

---

## [2020-08-11 14:54] RPVR

presentation went well. good discussion of work shown as well as posture vs. engagement. Ryan showed initial work that was promising. He'll be iterating further on anchoring & placement & size of the menu. 

NEXT
optimize 0304 design for better touchability & visual presence. take a look at the way Sketchbox UI does this. This is the desired level of "chunk"

---

## [2020-08-12 11:37] eso

I've been blocking out the slide deck after thinking about the overview and feature goals. I've moved prior content into appropriate slides. Not a comprehensive presentation, so will invite the team to look over my shoulder and discuss some of the work ahead.

In particular, I want to examine the role of "knowable lore" in the quest tracker
I want to surface objectives with more of a voice and a visual presence

PRESENTATION:
Overview statement (validate/add missing insights)
Document structure (brief flip thru the deck to show current status)
	- discuss role of lore here
Take a look at where I'm at reorganizing the front end
	- integrate the content Allen sent into mockup

GOAL
Validate approach
Look for areas where there is uncertainty

---

## [2020-08-12 12:56] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-08-12 17:37] eso

interesting review. I could tell there was interest in the episodic approach to objectives that I showed. Lots of talk about where the images would come from (no idea). Jessica messaged me and wants to talk about an idea she had on that theme. Will chat tomorrow am.

Spending time transferring design work to XD

---

## [2020-08-13 11:46] eso

chatted w Jessica, she's good with the direction and mentioned a vertical episodic listing as seen in a channel guide

---

## [2020-08-15 10:43] eso

finally figured how icons can work the way I want them to. Took a lesson from Skyrim. The apparently 2 color icons used there actually aren't just 2 colors.  They are actually 2 seperate levers in play:
positive/negative color
positive/negative shape

Hard to describe verbally, but was a minor revelation when I realized

---

## [2020-08-16 10:18] eso

I've built out a new quest list w one of the new icons and figured out some posture variations. I have thought to contain everything in simple geeometric shapes  - diamonds, circles, squares, to provide some distinctions, but that just seems busy by comparison to some alternatives.

With the likely removal of the image based epuisodic content block I'd previously added, there needs to be detailed gfx element to pick up the slack.

The goal today is to build out a complete screen in XD then recreate the storyboards I'd previously done at a higher degree of fidelity

- build out full front end Quest Tracker screen in XD
- recreate existing storyboards in XD
	+ MAIN QUESTS
	+ SIDE QUESTS
	+ MISSIONS
	+ JOBS
	+ LOCATIONS
- screen navigation
	+ How does focus switch from QUEST-LIST to QUEST-DETAILS
	+ How does QUEST-DETAILS scroll content up/down
	+ How are LORE-ITEMS scrolled?
	+ How are OBJECTIVE-ITEMS scrolled
	+ How do STORY-DETAILS integrate with the design?
		* SOLVED: story details appear in a content block above the quest details. You will use RS to scroll upwards. A prompt appears w up-arrow to signify the presence of this content
- objectives
	+ is it reasonable to list objectives horizontally?
	+ if objectives are listed verically, can lore be listed horizontally?
	+ what is the benefit of horizontal listings? why can't everything just be a vertical list?

---

## [2020-08-16 16:06] eso

more iteration on the Quest Marker icons. I've integrated them rationally for usage in NAV-ASSIST as well as QUEST-TRACKER. I've updated a few NAV-ASSIST storyboards as I experimented.

---

## [2020-08-17 09:02] RPVR

13(c) Payment Terms. The payment terms shall be net 10 days following the
Company’s receipt of an accurate and uncontested invoice from Consultant. For on-going month-to–month consulting services, the company shall pay all invoices within 10 days of last day of each month.

sent payment due notice to accounting cc: Christian, Laurent

---

## [2020-08-17 10:20] eso

building out parts for the front end.
- complete front end template (XD)
- recreate existing storyboards (XD)
	+ MAIN QUESTS
	+ SIDE QUESTS
	+ MISSIONS
	+ JOBS
	+ LOCATIONS
- recreate OBJECTIVE-READOUT (XD)
- recreate COMPASS (XD)

---

## [2020-08-17 11:23] eso

talked through some details about keybind behavior with Jason

---

## [2020-08-17 11:47] eso

finished updating/designing keybinds

---

## [2020-08-17 11:51] eso

finished updatin/designing tab menu

---

## [2020-08-17 11:57] eso

keybind icons too small. replacing

---

## [2020-08-17 13:29] eso

ok now the keybinds are right

---

## [2020-08-17 17:27] eso

worked out details of UPDATED, REPLAYABLE AND COMPLETABLE quest items
same for UPDATED state of BOOK item used for Main & Side quests

---

## [2020-08-18 10:29] eso

completed first draft of carousel for Objectives using same template as Objective Readout in NAV-ASSIST, and intended to be the same template used in the HUD

---

## [2020-08-18 16:08] eso

stepped away to do some soul-searching about this cover flow objective list. It is an unexpected outcome to be sure. I'm reading that the designer who invented the thing calls them "fliptychs"

---

## [2020-08-18 16:30] eso

also created secondary "safe" layout for objective list

---

## [2020-08-18 17:01] eso

working out pattern for swapping focus between QUEST-LIST and QUEST-DETAILS

---

## [2020-08-19 00:17] eso

Plan on presenting a click-through prototype from XD
P1 capture views for each tab (use existing Powerpoint layouts)
	+ SIDE
	+ MISSIONS
	+ JOBS
	+ LOCATIONS
P3 capture flow for REPLAY
	+ the TRACKING keybind becomes the REPLAY keybind
	+ when REPLAY is selected
		+ this story/quest moves to the top of the list
		+ any completed quest objectives in the details column are cleared
		+ a new (generic) objective is added: "find the questgiver"
		+ the timeline updates with a single entry "NOW" placed on the left side of the list
P2 capture flow for TRACK/UNTRACK quest
x capture example of COVERFLOW sequence

---

## [2020-08-19 08:40] eso

I've cleaned up and iterated a bit on the layout of slides I mage yesterday to prep for new content

---

## [2020-08-19 09:21] eso

I can use the basic prototype I made for objective cover flow to demo that mechanic

---

## [2020-08-19 09:47] eso

I've setup the gamepad navigation for the additional tabbed views

---

## [2020-08-19 10:09] eso

updated SIDEQUEST list
working on MISSIONS list

---

## [2020-08-19 10:16] eso

updated MISSIONS LIST
working on JOBS list

---

## [2020-08-19 10:22] eso

updated JOBS list
working on LOCATIONS list

---

## [2020-08-19 10:39] eso

updated LOCATIONS list
working on replacing icons in SIDEQUEST list

---

## [2020-08-19 10:49] eso

fixed tab menu after removing new flag from MISSIONS
working on replacing icons in SIDEQUEST list

---

## [2020-08-19 10:51] eso

replaced icons in SIDEQUEST list
working to replace icons in MISSIONS list

---

## [2020-08-19 10:55] eso

replaced icons in MISSIONS LIST
working to replace icons in JOBS list

---

## [2020-08-19 10:59] eso

removed icons for STORY ITEMS to simplify presentation

---

## [2020-08-19 11:52] eso

replaced JOB icons
rebuilding QUEST DETAILS for SIDEQUEST

---

## [2020-08-19 11:57] eso

constructed QUESTDETAILS for SIDEQUEST

---

## [2020-08-19 12:05] eso

working on constructing QUESTDETAILS for MISSION page

---

## [2020-08-19 12:21] eso

completed QUEST DETAILS FOR MISSION PAGE

---

## [2020-08-19 12:21] eso

working on QUESTDETAILS for JOBS page

---

## [2020-08-19 12:46] eso

completed QUESTDETAILS for JOBS page

---

## [2020-08-19 12:46] eso

collating presentation into sequence I can step thru w game comtroller

---

## [2020-08-19 15:53] RPVR

chatted w Christian about late payment and gave good faith agreement for 8h work to close out the passport design. They're happy with the work I'm providing. Perhaps just symptom of the general chaos energy

---

## [2020-08-19 16:44] RPVR

I'm updating sizes of assets and general layout for inclusion into v3 sketchbox layout
- include icon & asset sources w deliverable
- clean up design documentation 
- ideation for notifications (use an old idea)
- update JIRA
- create/refresh this months invoice to include current

---

## [2020-08-19 16:48] eso

we talked about the design a lot. Still coming to understand it as a group. Interesting questions about list navigation w accordion. One immediate solution would be to put BOOK into a MENU, which shows a list of QUESTS in that book. Select into QUEST-LIST
USE RS to scroll Quest DETAIL panel when not focused (PEEKING behavior. Snaps back to default position on release)
Select into QUEST-DETAILS
Use vertically stacked pips to show current position in stack

---

## [2020-08-19 17:09] eso

started sketching out a basic idea for submenuing in XD

---

## [2020-08-21 08:47] eso

continuing work on the submenu-ing idea I had

---

## [2020-08-21 16:00] eso

iterated and completed prototype for sub-menuing. Its workable I think. I'm adding an additional of page tabs to see how that input can work

---

## [2020-08-21 19:26] eso

further expansion and buildout of this prototype. Interesting possibilities. Maybe rules out this approach, or ma

---

## [2020-08-22 13:07] eso

Incorporated Davids player types doc into the presentation deck
Filling out the prototype with real-sounding content

---

## [2020-08-23 11:39] RPVR

RPVR Consulting Agreement

1. Consulting Relationship
Company shall pay to Consultant the amounts specified in Exhibuit A at the times specified therin

4. Term and Termination
Either party may terminate this agreement at any time upon 10 days written notice. In the event of such termination consultant shall be paid for any portion of the services that have been performed prior to the termination
[TO-DO] prepare invoice with current status

13a. Amendments and Waivers
Any waiver, modification or amendment of any provision of this agreement will be effective only if in writing and signed by the parties hereto 

13c. Payment Terms
The payment terms shall be net 10 days following the Company’s receipt of an accurate and uncontested invoice from Consultant. For on-going month-to
–month consulting services, the company shall pay all invoices within 10 days of last day of each month. All payments will be made in accordance with the company’s payment policies and procedures.

13d. Notices
Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon receipt, when delivered personally or by courier, overnight delivery service or confirmed facsimile, 48 hours after being deposited in the regular mail as certified or registered mail (airmail if sent internationally) with postage prepaid, if such notice is addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address or facsimile number as set forth below, or as subsequently modified by written notice.

---

## [2020-08-23 12:45] RPVR

finished updating RPVR invoice for August
If everything goes well this week, I can complete work in progress for 45 additional hours before the end of month, which would bring me up to stated total of 120h monthly

---

## [2020-08-23 14:11] eso

Revising prototype 1 based on yesterdays notes

NEXT
create new set of artboards for prototype 2

---

## [2020-08-24 07:52] eso

completed prototype A
starting work on prototype B

---

## [2020-08-24 18:45] eso

presentation earlier went well. extremely productive to demonstrate the navigation w game controller

I've spent the day reorganizing and adding material from discussion into presentation dec. I have a first draft for content in production

NEXT
- update XD mid-fidelity wireframes to incorporate navigation scheme demonstrated earlier.
	+ QUESTWRAPPER
	+ QUESTLIST
	+ QUESTDETAILS
	+ QUESTDETAILSMENU

---

## [2020-08-24 22:40] eso

rebuilding QUEST list. Simplifying Tracked/Non-Tracked state. Less clever. Less ambiguous.

---

## [2020-08-25 08:27] eso

Jessica sent out an addendum to our discussion yesterday involving multiple objectives available at once and optional objectives. Not sure how this will incorporate into the carousel I had the objectives on. Maybe some kind of "flag" or styling around the frame can signify the available

---

## [2020-08-25 09:00] eso

rebuilt the Main Quest list using components
added Main Quests

---

## [2020-08-25 09:55] eso

building the story menu

---

## [2020-08-25 12:23] eso

completed story menu as a component
tested in quick prototype

NEXT
Objective carousel. Feedback on this from last week was favorable, but would like to move away from coverflow style representation to a more generic stack.
I'd previously sketched a simpler form that I need to setp through to see if viable

---

## [2020-08-25 17:11] eso

I've landed on a more utilitarian solution for the objectives list than the heavier paged UI I was examining previously. In general more compact, less interactive and does not explicitly try to recreate the story of the quest thus far. However I decoupled the narrator voice from the objective and that feels like much less effort overall maybe more scalable.

---

## [2020-08-25 18:35] eso

completed QUEST-DETAILS-OBJECTIVES
starting on QUEST-DETAILS-MENU pages

---

## [2020-08-25 23:10] eso

finished QUEST-DETAILS section. Refactored layout for better cleaner
working on Lore listing

---

## [2020-08-26 08:00] eso

Updated and finalized the LORE gallery
Updated and finalized the STORY-DETAILS section

---

## [2020-08-26 08:05] eso

x Add distances to objectives
x FEATURES SLIDE
x PAGE-LOCATIONS
x KEYBINDS
P2 PAGE-MISSIONS
P2 PAGE-SIDE
P2 PAGE-TASKS
x CUSTOMERS SLIDE
x NAV-ASSIST gfx w keybind "DETAILS"

Demonstrate in PROTOTYPE
View & Understand Objective (from NAV-ASSIST)
Begin Tracking a Quest
Stop Tracking a Quest
Determine how far the next objective is
Catch up on a Quest's story from completed objectives
View Lore related to a Quest
Find a Quest near me
Track Quests near me
See if there's anything near a quest objective that I want to track
Create a personal quest (Task)
Replay a Quest

---

## [2020-08-26 09:22] eso

added gfx from NAV-ASSIST to XD prototype

---

## [2020-08-26 09:49] eso

working on LOCATIONS QUEST LIST

---

## [2020-08-26 10:27] eso

completed LOCATIONS QUEST LIST

---

## [2020-08-26 10:28] eso

adding distances to objectives

---

## [2020-08-26 11:04] eso

added LOCATIONS QUEST LOCATIONS
added LOCATION page interactions
working on adding distances to objectives

---

## [2020-08-26 11:25] eso

added distances to quest list entries for existing pages

---

## [2020-08-26 11:50] eso

completed FEATURES slide

NEXT
- KEYBINDS

---

## [2020-08-26 12:15] eso

added keybinds to existing pages

x PAGE-SIDE
P2 PAGE-MISSIONS
P2 PAGE-TASKS

---

## [2020-08-26 12:18] eso

working on PAGE-SIDE

---

## [2020-08-26 12:41] eso

finished PAGE-SIDE

---

## [2020-08-26 12:41] eso

filling in PAGE-MISSIONS and PAGE-TASKS w black content so they are navigable

---

## [2020-08-26 12:56] eso

wired up prototype
ready to present

---

## [2020-08-27 16:19] eso

good presentation and discussion yesterday led to renewed focus on the information that matters most. I've updated the QUEST-DETAILS design to place greater emphasis on the objectives

redesign STORY-DETAILS
	- include list of all quests in story line and include distance and most recent objective for each, including replayable status
add QUEST-DETAILS scroll to prototype
update QUEST-DETAILS w compact LORE entries at top of page rather than bottom
update HUD-OBJECTIVE readout in XD and add to NAV-ASSIST gameplay example

---

## [2020-08-27 16:30] RPVR

posted my August invoice
contacted Laurent via Slack regarding my delinquent July payment

---

## [2020-08-28 09:49] eso

attempted to compact LORE entries with dubious results

---

## [2020-08-28 14:07] eso

good progress made today on QUEST-DETAILS. some great ideas surfaced that I'm doing previz on

NEXT (for DAVID)
- variations on quest details showing reward structure
	+ current version with rewards section
	+ no rewards shown
	+ rewards treated as LORE

Turns out its easy to share XD prototypes as webpages that respond to controller input!

---

## [2020-08-30 09:59] RPVR

no response from Red Pill
I spoke w Olaf yesterday and he mentioned that he too had not been paid for his July invoice and was about to submit his August invoice.

---

## [2020-08-30 10:00] eso

cleaning up XD file

- generate reference material for David

Q: what are you presenting on Wednesday?
A: the powerpoint document previously started

---

## [2020-08-30 13:33] eso

cleaning up 6-col LORE listing.
Renaming that as ARCHIVES
6-col list lest is too small. Doesn't look bad though

---

## [2020-08-30 13:41] eso

FIX KEYBIND POSITION AND LABELS. REMOVE CHAFF

---

## [2020-08-30 13:59] eso

A couple of positives for higher denisity lore display grid
- when the asset wrappers are big, scrolling navigation needs to become specific to this use case instead of remaining general
- when the asset wrappers are small you can see them all at one and show empty slots for where lore material should be displayed as an incentive

---

## [2020-08-31 08:15] eso

welcome to the design. What's holding you back?

- 6-col Journal listing feels weird
	+ is this critical?
	+ NO - I can look at a 4-col layout however
	+ NO - maybe too much is being asked of the wireframe. What would the perception of lore visibility be if you could navigate the screen w a game controller?


Here's what you do:
x add unique images to each journal entry
x rule out possibility of using Lore items as an achievement grid to be filled in. It places a condition on the display of helpful but non-critical information. Which places constraints on the kind of list behavior that can be used. As I imagined it, lore is added to the list when the objective updates
- create story sequence showing quest objectives being added until the quest is completed

WHAT ARE YOUR GOALS FOR UX REVIEW?
- Fully prototyped design available thru shared link generated by XD
- Powerpoint deck with annotation and UX background
- Incorporate material from Powerpoint Deck into prototype
	+ perhaps available on a keybind?
	+ this implies that the material to export from Powerpoint is completed

WHAT ARE YOU DOINg RIGHT NOW?
I'm preparing material to send out to DAVID
he does not need to see the Progression thru Objectives sequence yet
he needs to see variations on showing a reward in QUEST-DETAILS or not, and if so HOW

---

## [2020-08-31 10:32] eso

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
editing the FEATURES slide

---

## [2020-08-31 11:10] eso

updated editorial for slide deck and removed chaff assets
revised FEATURES slide to use icon representations only, sorted by count and re-labeled as PRIORITIZED FEATURES

NEXT
construct REWARD variations in XD
- REWARD list is empty, but shows XP
- REWARD list contains an item, and shows XP
- No REWARD is shown at all
- XP is shown as JOURNAL entry
- XP and Reward item are shown as Journal Entry

---

## [2020-08-31 16:25] eso

reconstructed ENTRYPOINT-NAV-ASSIST

---

## [2020-08-31 17:54] eso

updated OBJECTIVE-READOUT
updated STORY-QUEST icon to be more generic/modern and less SKYRIM

---

## [2020-08-31 22:33] eso

updated STORY-QUEST icon component

---

## [2020-08-31 23:06] eso

created QUESTLIST variant with no reward details. Much cleaner. Easier to read

---

