# Raw Entries for April 2020

**Total Entries:** 47
**Projects:** RPVR, eso

---

## [2020-04-01 11:17] eso

more intensive work than expected. postponed review. Plan is to post to channel tomorrow and setup discussion w Jason, David & Roy

---

## [2020-04-01 12:11] eso

I've iterated on the weapon list to a stable place. Now may be a good time to create some weapons to populate the list with real data

---

## [2020-04-01 14:10] eso

created weapon content matrix
need to do same for Mods, and at the same time determine criteria by which mods can be sorted

---

## [2020-04-01 14:19] eso

Show in the design how to see the number of Mods available on a selection

---

## [2020-04-02 07:31] eso

prepared and sent ZOS invoice

---

## [2020-04-02 07:31] RPVR

received DM from Dom Roussy, who is Head of Content in Montreal. He asked me to share with Alexis, who I've previously introduced myself to

---

## [2020-04-02 08:05] RPVR

preparing RPVR invoice

NEXT
- refinement pass to Boundaries doc
- get in touch w Alexis

What if this pause in the action - this figuring out what and how to do now IS the job? How do I win at this?
- Follow the Trail. This is a Quest. Get to the next Objective

---

## [2020-04-02 09:22] RPVR

Hi guys, Laurent recently asked me to put together some notes summarizing my thoughts about UX/UI design strategy at RedPill. Let me share that document with you to begin our conversation. To start with, how can I help you?
I'm working w Red Pill on a contract and need to know where best to shift my attention, as I've completed my immediate workload for the CoreTech group. 

Here is some background so this won't seem like its coming out of the blue! I'm an interaction designer, artist and educator who has focused on emotional interfaces throughout my career. I've worked mainly in the game industry and branched out into web-based products a few years ago. I run a small studio and design under the name Skinjester. Laurent brought me on as a consultant to help understand and design our platform for humans. I am presently splitting my time between RedPill and Zenimax.

---

## [2020-04-02 10:39] RPVR

sent intro and document link to Don & Alexis. Don is head of content, Alexis is a Creative Director. Both are in Montreal

---

## [2020-04-02 10:41] eso

working on inventory design

SEQUENCE
Create artboards for frames in presentation sequence
- loadout menu
- Equipment
	- focus weapon slot 1
	- focus weapon slot 1 Mods
	- focus weapon slot 2
	- compare some weapon to weapon slot 1
- AMP
	- focus Amp slot
- Mods
	+ build Mod listing (use spreadsheet template)
	+ identify sortable criteria for Mods
		* document in Weapon spreadsheet
- Resources
	+ build Resource listing (use spreadsheet template)

---

## [2020-04-05 18:09] eso

finishing up item profile template. I've been having a hard time with this - maybe making it more than it needs to be. Main thing I want to do here is make the Mods for a piece of equipment browsable - so you can see what each slot contains. Layout is denser than I'd like and I feel its probably more complex than it need sto be. Forging ahead towards the inevitable.

---

## [2020-04-05 20:50] eso

Normalized Player Status layout to a point where it feels natural. Pretty cool.

---

## [2020-04-05 20:51] RPVR

Laurent sent me this note on Slack
drinking from the fire hose fyi - could not find time to review what you sent - it’s utter madness these days but wanted to reach out and say, everyone loves you and intend is to continue, we are attempting to revisit product roadmap and clearer definition as we do 100 other things to instruct us to do the right next steps. Long way of me saying stand by my friend

---

## [2020-04-05 20:51] RPVR

Khoi is returning to Vietnam. He leaves behind an interesting document about Technological future of Redpill in the new era. I haven't read it through, but will do so during the week

---

## [2020-04-07 08:04] eso

spent most of yesterday working out list styling and data. I think I've arrived at a good place in terms of all the parts. Still not entirely sure how it all fits together, so that is today's examination

NEXT
x create a list of all the slides for generation
x reorganize artboards in AI

---

## [2020-04-07 15:27] eso

got involved with on details and cleanup. timeboxing that to 30m. starting now

---

## [2020-04-07 15:44] eso

- cleanup the weapon EXP meter
	+ add numeric value showing current EXP
	+ There's more UX here than I realizez

---

## [2020-04-07 17:15] eso

Feeling like I need to push forward even if it means sidestepping the EXP meter than I'm exploring.

---

## [2020-04-07 17:59] eso

landed at satisfactory place for EXP meter.

NEXT

Asset Generation. Focus on getting to 1st draft state for each

EQUIPMENT
x Loadout menu
x weapon slot 1
x weapon slot 2
x weapon list (default item)
x weapon list (next item)
- comparison (next:default)
- equip (next becomes new default)
- sort weapons (MAG)
- amp slot

MODS
x mod list
	x sortable

RESOURCES
- resource list

---

## [2020-04-08 07:19] eso

I don't know how much I'll be able to complete for review, but there are 2 areas that I haven't shown yet
- MODS
- RESOURCES

For the next hour I'll work on Mods
For the next hour after that I'll work on Resources
For the next hour after that I'll work completing all the slides for export

---

## [2020-04-08 07:29] eso

I've created a spreadsheet-type list of mods for the Mod tab

---

## [2020-04-08 09:02] eso

I will not have time to design the resources tab in full

---

## [2020-04-08 09:24] eso

created 1st draft layout for Mod Page weapon list that appears after selecting a mod from a list

---

## [2020-04-08 10:07] eso

I had the mod selection pattern solved in INVENTORY2010. Applied that pattern and inspecting it now.

---

## [2020-04-08 10:10] eso

I'm going to have to apply the old MOD layout to the Equipment profiles as placeholder to this design

---

## [2020-04-08 11:57] eso

Will need to put remaining design effort into the comparison slide.
Adding some support material to the presentation now though

---

## [2020-04-08 12:57] eso

ready to present. Not as comprehensive or as coherent as I'd hoped, but introduces some new concepts and clarity. Let's see what the feedback is

---

## [2020-04-08 13:44] eso

Review went well. Well recieved by David & Roy. Good feedback captured in my notes

---

## [2020-04-13 10:22] eso

updated my archives on HVAULT

---

## [2020-04-15 12:02] eso

assempbling today's presentation. Worked out solution for viewing inline mods, and overall cleanup in response to feedback

NEXT
- place Ammo readouts
x place username + level
x place health/energy/damage

x export slides
x assemble slides

---

## [2020-04-15 12:52] eso

completed 1st draft assembly
ready to present

- take a look at placement of Mod gallery and resource gallery slides.

---

## [2020-04-15 14:47] eso

figure out how amps behave and how they present in the Equipment screen

NEXT
x post current work to HVAULT, update Slack
- sprint planning

---

## [2020-04-21 23:56] eso

revised Equipment screen layout to use spreadsheet style listings in full, which simplifies the item profile section and seems to cluster information better

Started working out details of Amp access and selection. A couple of design issues to solve though

NEXT
- what happens to Equipment Slots when opened?
	+ if they remain visible then the open slot needs to be telegraphed clearly
	+ what if they didn't remain visible?
		* weapon swapping would still work, just a different view because slot ID is viewable in the weapon list rather than the slot list
- what does the profile for an AMP look like
- what is visible in the bkg?
	+ can the concept work that Jared shared be used as a guide here
- Refactor Player Status
- Refactor Loadout Status
- Cleanup and Edit Keybinds

SLIDES
x Weapon List Sort DMG
x Weapon List Item 2
x Weapon List Item 2 Equip
x Weapon Slot Mod Item 1
x AMP Slot
x AMP List Item 0
x AMP Basic Mod
P3 Weapon List Item 2 Compare
P2 Item Mod Item 1

---

## [2020-04-22 12:40] eso

Finished preparing slides. Amp design is work in progress but enough here to get some discussion and opinions going. Preparing Powerpoint doc

---

## [2020-04-22 12:58] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-04-22 13:43] eso

presentation went well. It was a good idea to push the idea of showing comparable parameters into a spreadsheet style listing to determine the boundaries

---

## [2020-04-22 19:45] eso

meeting on Friday to discuss Amps. I plan to update the presentation to incorporate the main feedback and also examine the idea of showing the "cybernetics" items as Jared mentioned. I finally understood what he meant when he asked if this was an equipment or inventory screen. The cybernetic parts are in my inventory too. In the context of thios design they are independent slots. Instead of there being a single AMP category, there are "Cybernetic Arm", "Cybernetic Leg", "Psionic" categories. The root level category - "the slot" isn't an empty container - it is the item itself. As far as what actions can be performed upon the Cybernetic Arm on its own - maybe CUSTOMIZE, DISCARD, UPDATE,

---

## [2020-04-24 09:02] eso

creating schematics of the design for discussion w David, Roy, Jason
v1 - current. All Amps are listed under a single AMP category. Not considering any manipulations on the actual platform the arm is attached to other than as categorization labels

v2 - unique AMP platforms are listed. Some have AMPS equipped, some do not. Basic CTA for the AMP platforms are OPEN/CUSTOMIZE

---

## [2020-04-26 22:10] eso

wireframing in simple mode to detail use cases rapidly and as a basis for keybinds. Then I'll express the simple cases in standard design language

I've come to recognize that cybernetics can be presented as items instead of slots. Or - rather, adding a cybernetic arm to your body adds a cybernetic arm slot to your equipment loadout.

---

## [2020-04-27 18:06] eso

Its easier said than done. I'm working through a flow where each cybernetic part becomes a slot. I think its a cool idea, but complicated to communicate. May not be the optimal approach, but I like that it isnt :)

---

## [2020-04-28 00:13] eso

Spent the day working out layout refinements, cleanup and common sense. Worked out sceme for cybernetic parts as slots. Matched behavior to existing horizontal nav scheme. So much more to do even at this simplified levl in powerpoint. How much effort is involved to translate to Illustrator - should I be making that switch now?

NEXT
x normalize layout in powerpoint wireframes
- map out keybinds in powerpoint wireframes
	+ what other actions can be taken?
		* Equip
		* Discard
		* Replace
		* New
	+ all selectables include a "properties/options" CTA which is intended to connect with a customization or configuration mode
- examine horizontal slot navigation
	- can this work?
	- what is the win?
- Translate patterns to illustrator

---

## [2020-04-28 12:24] eso

working through keybind details
PvP brainstorming meeting in 30m

---

## [2020-04-29 00:48] eso

I'm going to present the wireframes I've been building in Powerpoint. There's good consistency to the approach, but I didn't consider some details - positioning of player character and large item preview for example

NEXT
- finish layout iteration to Horizontal Journey Weapons
- build slide: Comparison slide
- build slide: Add Amp from List
- build slide: Select Mod from List
- build slide: Loadout menu
- add Player Status details
	+ Health
	+ Energy
	+ Damage
	+ Gamertag
	+ Level
- add Ammo Status details

---

## [2020-04-29 07:49] eso

I'm reconstructing the working design to accomodate placement of the player character. The changes aren't major. No changes at all actually - this stacked layout matches the previous version. I expect I'll be finished w Weapons - Horizontal Journey in 10-15m. I expect it will take 30m to rebuild Amps - Horizontal Journey. I expect it will take

- finish rebuilding Weapons Horizintal
- rebuild Amps Horizontal
- rebuild Equipment Vertical

---

## [2020-04-29 09:22] eso

Deferred presenting today. Will connect w Jason tomorrow. I'm close, but not ready to present need more time to work out some details. Specifically:
- weapon stats
- player stats

---

## [2020-04-29 12:22] eso

spinning in circles. Not getting any traction. Why am I abandoning the design principles I've worked up to? Its like I'm trying to redesign everything and feel overwhelmed by that. wtf

---

## [2020-04-30 10:18] eso

Returned to sketching yesterday to get out of layout mode and understand what the design is telling me. I added the Player status and ammo status back to the screen. I started building out my sketches in Powerpoint and am continueing to do so.

NEXT
- 2 hour timebox. re-assess status at this point. Am I ready to speak w Jason?

---

