# Raw Entries for October 2020

**Total Entries:** 107
**Projects:** eso

---

## [2020-10-02 09:10] eso

Sent ZOS invoice (September)
Made inquiry to Greg over slack about status of my August invoice and waiting to hear back on that

I spent yesterday fine tuning and thinking about the inventroy list. List layout and behavior in general.

What is holding me back from finishing?
x layout for keybinds
x framing
x space between items
x number of visible items
P2 player-centered categorization & sorting behavior
x item highlighting
x screen layout for Item listing and MOD listing. Are these the same after all? If so, why is content being presented so differently?
	- for MODS we see little thumbnails
	- for ITEMS we see a spreadsheet
	- one of these representations is wrong
x contrast ratio

---

## [2020-10-02 19:03] eso

addressed each of the layout issues and arrived at a flexible and modular list construction that I think will work just fine

NEXT
add Sorting keybinds
add category hilite states
	- which column is being sorted?
figure out layouts for (there is some potential for thes eto be similar or related)
	- weapon list
	- mod edit from slot
	- mod page

Nice work!

---

## [2020-10-04 12:20] eso

I'm normalizing placementg and framing of panels between states. The navigation scheme for the equipment page is cool. Makes sense as is, but I need to get all the elements aligned to each other

---

## [2020-10-04 15:18] eso

I've populated each of the pages and major states with normalized layouts, and its looking pretty good. I need to gigure out, or review the workings of the MOD page.

For each MOD show the compatible equipment
dedicated

---

## [2020-10-05 08:55] eso

I'm running into uncertainty for the MOD equip and review phase. I think that once I solve this, I'll have solved inventory, but need to iterate rapidly through some solutions. I recall mapping everything out at the very beginning of this design. Any value to be found there?

---

## [2020-10-05 11:32] eso

sprint planning
goals
- Max wants to create backlog so we can cycle thru tasks more efficiently
	+ estimates
	+ acceptance criteria
- we want to stand up temp UI work in IMGUI
	+ material an engineer can build using existing systems
	+ or build systems around the design
- production ready documentation

---

## [2020-10-05 13:02] eso

some flatterinmg callouts during this meeting :)

---

## [2020-10-05 13:02] eso

I'm continuing to iterate thru MOD review

Sprint 28 (1/6 for the next release)
10/5 - ??

---

## [2020-10-06 13:34] eso

I've refined the design further in response to the work I did on Mod selection, review and equip fromn the Equipment page. I think its more itself. It feels increasingly "solid" so I think I'm on the right path.

NEXT
P1 Build out equipment listing
- equip an item
- compare items

P2 Build out MOD page
- define what this page is supposed to do. who is it for. why am I here?

P3 Add states for rotating the subject asset L/R using RS
P3 editorial pass for KEYBINDS
P2 build out AMPS workflow
	- equip an AMP from a list
	- assign MODS to the AMPS basic/advanced/ultimate slots
P2 build out ARMOR workflow
	- equip new ARMOR item
	- what does the ARMOR tooltip look like?

---

## [2020-10-06 14:07] eso

After some casual iteration over the course of this design, I figured out how I want the background layer to behave. The selected asset is rendered there and can be rotated by scrolling L/R with the right stick. Today I realized that when this behavior is in play, we don't need to see the rest of the UI. It also occurs to me that RS up/down is available for zoom in/out at this time, which is great.

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
writing out expectations and requirements for MOD page

then?
building out the equipment list

---

## [2020-10-06 15:08] eso

I've written up a simple design guide for the MOD inventory. No surprises here, but a better sense of the purpose of this screen. Only remaining question is should AMP MODS be presented here as well (if not - why?) How would that content be kept seperate from weapon MODS? Just another category> or is this a seperate list?

---

## [2020-10-06 20:01] eso

spending more time normalizing the layout after adding equipment and equipment comparison states. The tooltip I was using before may be overly wide? At the least, with a narrower width its possible to have the equipment list and 2 item tooltips for a comparison to equipped while scrolling down the list of candidates (similar to ESO in this regard)

I estimate it will take about 3h to get a first draft of the MOD inventory stood up. I don't want to be starting that work tomorrow am.

By 9p I need to start working on the MOD inventory screen so I'll have material to build from and refine in the morning

My confidence level for the design has never been higher actually, since I can demonstrate how it works and I've made significant adjustments and tweaks to meet stakeholder intentions.

How do I feel about tomorrow's presentation though? As always wish I had 1 more day to work on this, but I believe I'll make a good and comprehensive showing

---

## [2020-10-07 00:00] eso

completed layout update and prototype update for equipment list including COMPARISON behavior

---

## [2020-10-07 00:12] eso

added full equipment slot vertical scroll sequence, but need to offset the list to fix focus as previously designed.

get the existing prototype work as coherent as possible before starting on MOD
inventory. I'll need at least 4h to stand up MOD inventory, meaning I nead to start no later than 9a

x add global health/energy stats
P1 add global AMMO counters
x add global USER label
P1 show which secondary stats are being affected by MODS
P2 cleanup MOD selection from weapon A
P2 update layout for LOADOUT screens
P2 callout currently equipped profile for comparison screens
P2 callout which equipment slot has been opened on Equipment Inventory screens (WeaponA, WeaponB, AMP, etc.)
P2 edit meter values on tooltips
P2 demonstrate RS behavior to view long tooltip
P2 demonstrate RS behavior to preview (zoom/rotate) selected equipment

---

## [2020-10-07 06:35] eso

I blocked out the basic flow for the MOD INVENTORY with behaviors for show Compatible and MODIFY selected. Will be possible to tap into existing work done for MOD assignment

---

## [2020-10-07 07:10] eso

added MOD assets and recast as components
Lightning25-22
P199-Soylent
Hardcase P777

---

## [2020-10-07 07:27] eso

working on globals
- username
- health/energy/damage

---

## [2020-10-07 09:17] eso

I don't know how much time I can put into the MOD inventory for presentation. How about instead
x flesh out the alternate comparison method?
- show AMP selection
	+ get mechanics without assets setup in the prototype
	+ include AMP MOD selection
	+ goal here is to show content and mechanics

---

## [2020-10-07 09:25] eso

completed draft for GLOBAL placement. Interesting solution pushes Page Navigation to the right, and I think this feels better overall in terms of the navigation

---

## [2020-10-07 09:33] eso

x add global AMMO counters
P1 show which secondary stats are being affected by MODS
P2 cleanup MOD selection from weapon A
x update layout for LOADOUT screens
P2 callout currently equipped profile for comparison screens
P2 callout which equipment slot has been opened on Equipment Inventory screens (WeaponA, WeaponB, AMP, etc.)
P2 edit meter values on tooltips
P2 demonstrate RS behavior to view long tooltip
P2 demonstrate RS behavior to preview (zoom/rotate) selected equipment

---

## [2020-10-07 09:33] eso

working on ammo currency display

---

## [2020-10-07 10:58] eso

completed ammo currency display and recast as component added to each artboard in the prototype

P1 show which secondary stats are being affected by MODS
X cleanup MOD selection from weapon A
P2 callout currently equipped profile for comparison screens
P2 callout which equipment slot has been opened on Equipment Inventory screens (WeaponA, WeaponB, AMP, etc.)
P2 edit meter values on tooltips
P2 demonstrate RS behavior to view long tooltip
X demonstrate RS behavior to preview (zoom/rotate) selected equipment

NEXT

x PROFILE show which secondary stats are being affected by MODS
P2 PROFILE edit meter values
x PROFILE use standardized profile layout for MOD tooltip


P2 callout currently equipped profile for comparison screens
P2 callout which equipment slot has been opened on Equipment Inventory screens (WeaponA, WeaponB, AMP, etc.)
P2 edit meter values on tooltips
P2 demonstrate RS behavior to view long tooltip

---

## [2020-10-07 12:44] eso

Ready to present.
I won't have time to detail the meter values for MOD equip or weapon comparison

---

## [2020-10-08 13:29] eso

met with Jason for discussion about Inventory & MODS earlier
There's some new reference for MODS and what they do that its worth exploring
It implies that the MOD slots are physically coupled to the item. IF this is the case, the question is, how do you know which slots can be interacted with?

I also have a spreadsheet that Dave made of sample MOD descriptions

I'm going to see if I can correlate items in that spread sheet with the attachment points on the MOD construction gfx.

---

## [2020-10-08 19:03] eso

I collated the MOD data and started assigning the functionality to slots so I'd have a basis for the slot collection.
The Weapon MOD flow in Division2 is a good reference. Everything done in that space is working, and could work in general for this design

Captured screenshots of that behavior for further analysis

---

## [2020-10-09 10:29] eso

continuing work on the data table I started yesterday.
I want to run this material by David & Jason to get confirmation on whether:
1. mods are assigned to unique slots on the weapon
2. mods are generally assigned to the weapon from a list and will be placed (visually) where appropriate

more simply - is a slot the same thing as an attachment?

---

## [2020-10-10 13:35] eso

Here's what David asked:

How are two mutually exclusive mods represented in the list view? That is, how does the player know that installing one mod will remove the other?

In the case where two mods affect a stat, how does the player know which stats does the highlighted mod affects?

---

## [2020-10-10 14:11] eso

Thinking differently about AMMO might mean to broaden it rather than making it immediate. I don't know if I need to have the level of detail currently designed. Its overkill

Maybe the counter is a panel or dialog that I can opt into?
Maybe its part of an area that I can "peek" at

---

## [2020-10-13 11:03] eso

meeting w Jason on the Asset Browser
working w Bryan to work out access to this system
TODO: once this is setup transfer all my existing docs to Asset Browser and tag, version, etc. appropriately

---

## [2020-10-13 11:07] eso

I am working through template pages and flow for EQUIP-MOD
I will be moving on from this to update the Equipment listing and Selection/COmparision flow

---

## [2020-10-13 14:54] eso

I'm building/cleaning up the profile panel for MOD equips

Then
I will complete the basic flow
I will address David's questions about visibility & replacement
I will edit the panel readouts to reflect the contribution of a weapon's

---

## [2020-10-13 21:13] eso

I've worked out the idea and templates for MOD equip, there's a new component added to the screen which is used to show MOD slot assignments and messagin. I have a draft layout in place and am refining the layout

For tomorrow's presentation:
P1 I want to address the specific questions David posed about MOD comparison and equip

P1 Show how Primary & secondary stats are affected by MODS

P1 I want to show Weapon comparison and Equip using the current template layout ideas. I want to retire the spreadsheet style listing I'd been previously using. Its two complex.

P1 I want to demonstrate a solution for the AMMO counter. David had challenged me to think diffently about it, maybe less literal. I've addressed that idea somewhat by showing the Ammo count for the selected weapon as part of that weapon's primary STATS
	- DO THIS: Move AMMO counter layout to PAN-LINK
	- for the player who just wants to check on AMMO, this is available as a Dashboard view
	x ALREADY DESIGNED: Show AMMO total in MAG stat


P2 Assign Preview to a Keybind (R3) Show preview mode with MODS as annotations. Show keybinds for rotate/zoom on LS/RS

P2 What does an Armor Profile look like?
P2 How do I equip an AMP
P2 How do I modify an AMP?
P3 I remain uncertain on how the MOD page works. Can I mock up a simplified flow for this page, or is that a distraction?

---

## [2020-10-14 00:16] eso

I've worked out a solution for:
"How are two mutually exclusive mods represented in the list view? That is, how does the player know that installing one mod will remove the other?"
(maybe too sparse. wait for feedback on this to move forward)

NEXT
P1 Move AMMO counter to PAN-LINK
P2 work out a solution for "In the case where two mods affect a stat, how does the player know which stats does the highlighted mod affect?"

---

## [2020-10-14 07:49] eso

worked out a better solution for the USERID block which includes small versions of the standard meters
I'm currently working out details of the AMMO counter. I thought I'd place it in PAN-LINK, and maybe that's still a good idea, but I came across an older solution that I'm retrofitting for current.

---

## [2020-10-14 09:33] eso

finishing up work on the AMMOCOUNTER
I've placed a verbose instance of it on PAN-LINK
I've placed a concise instance of it on EQUIPMENT

---

## [2020-10-14 10:05] eso

completed AMMOCOUNTER
working on Show PRIMARY/SECONDARY STATS affected by MODS
(after completing this, I'll be ready to present)

I'm not expecting to show the full system, just the work I've done on
- MOD assignment
- layout updates to emphasis weapon progression by its actual appearance
- AMMOCOUNTER

---

## [2020-10-14 10:58] eso

iterated on MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE condition

NEXT
working on Show PRIMARY/SECONDARY STATS affected by MODS

---

## [2020-10-14 11:56] eso

adding details to Primary and secondary stats for assigned/candidate MODS
The way the stats move with the height of the list makes the delta harder to read. Adjust so that content is pinned in place after completing meter detailing

---

## [2020-10-14 12:43] eso

ready to present.
taking a quick look to see if I can anchor those stats when reviewing MODS

---

## [2020-10-14 13:02] eso

Here's what David asked:

How are two mutually exclusive mods represented in the list view? That is, how does the player know that installing one mod will remove the other?

In the case where two mods affect a stat, how does the player know which stats does the highlighted mod affects?

---

## [2020-10-15 09:29] eso

Meeting w Jason shortly to review work on Equipment Screen

NEXT
increase number of MOD slots to 6

---

## [2020-10-15 10:52] eso

Spoke w Jason and discussed next steps for this design.
TO-DO:
Setup a Monday meeting to go over the MODS page.
Get more weapon art
	x ask MAX who to contact for assets

---

## [2020-10-15 11:16] eso

chatting w Max about an asset request

---

## [2020-10-18 10:31] eso

I'm doing cleanup and refinement of previous work (2h)
I'm preparing material about the MOD inventory and how it works to review w the team tomorrow (8h)

---

## [2020-10-18 13:10] eso

I'm wanting to wrapup the ongoing work to the profile panel. What's left?
x increase number of MOD slots to 6
x populate mod slots w assets
x update stats correctly for each panel state
x update prototype w this new asset

---

## [2020-10-18 22:42] eso

I am figuring out what line items need to appear in the MOD listing
I don't need to show all the stats, or do I?
Looking at the spreadsheet, it seems useful to:
- sort by quality
- sort by brand
- sort by tech

---

## [2020-10-19 08:15] eso

I've worked out an initial flow for the MOD page. Very sketchy, not yet aty a draft stage, but enough to talk through.
Here's what I want to show at the meeting later:

MOD listing spreadsheet
MOD workflow  (low fidelity proto)

---

## [2020-10-19 10:56] eso

Continuing to iterate on the MOD page listing and flow. Its challenging to conform this to prior work, and I'll face the same challenge with Equipment assign/compare

The one major constraint I've adopted is to show MOD selection and update in the context of an Equipment panel. I don't want to let go of that. I think its the opinionated aspect of this design.

---

## [2020-10-19 11:47] eso

sell/send
(mods, equip)

maximum number of mods(?)

default sort
not-installed
per-weapon

---

## [2020-10-19 11:59] eso

good meeting w David & Roy
consider what people go to a MOD page for (as previously mind mapped)

treat the MOD page as a listing of what you have, not as a complementary way to equip MODS.

NEXT
- build out a layout that shows
which mods aren't installed
which MODS are assigned to which weapons

---

## [2020-10-20 08:55] eso

I spent the rest of yesterday cleaning up and refining the equipment page to look less cut & paste and approach something more cohesive. That work definitely paid of and came in response to some issues I came across when working out the details of the MODS page.

I worked out several kinds of list formats which I can use or adapt to show MODS. I can use myu MODS spreadsheet as the basis for filling out the dietails I think.

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
Doing some cleanup on the Equipment Page. Fixing the equipment list

---

## [2020-10-20 09:10] eso

initial state of equipment page looks so much better more cohesive nowe :)


WHAT NEXT?
Revise initial state of Item Select
- no longer using the spreadsheet style list as before
- can I use existing list structure in its verbose form to show the equipment listing?

Fires a small round at high velocity through a series of elecromagnetic coils

---

## [2020-10-20 15:02] eso

overly deep on the layout details for equipment listing. The new approach looks fine, priority is to get artboards created and integrated into the prototype and refine later.

P2 update Claw Tooltip MODS and metrics
P2 update Hardcase Tooltip MODS and metrics
P3 create artboard for EQUIP which show a selected item being equipped to Slot
P2 refresh Loadout page to use updated standard layout
P3 update PANLINK design to use standard layout for items

---

## [2020-10-20 21:50] eso

I've completed the candidate for comparison toggle behavior within the weapon A equipment list. Seems legit

---

## [2020-10-20 22:15] eso

starting revision to MOD assignment using updated standard layout

---

## [2020-10-20 22:34] eso

I've solidified the comparison UX a bit further

---

## [2020-10-21 06:23] eso

P1 update PANLINK design to use standard layout for items
P2 update Claw Tooltip MODS and metrics
P2 update Hardcase Tooltip MODS and metrics
P3 create artboard for EQUIP which show a selected item being equipped to Slot
P3 refresh Loadout page to use updated standard layout
x rebuild MOD assignment flow using standard layout
x add MOD comparison to addignment flow (same pattern as equip)
x editorial pass on keybinds
KS build out MOD list for MOD page

An after-market power flow regulator featuring larger capacitors and wireless power transmission modules

---

## [2020-10-21 07:44] eso

finally logged into the new asset browser
TO-DO
transfer versioned document stack to this platform (all the presentations and design docs I've worked on)

---

## [2020-10-21 08:59] eso

I've completed the basic MOD assignment flow
working on MOD comparison function

---

## [2020-10-21 10:22] eso

completed MOD comparison. Not convinced its relevant, but I want to show the general nature of the patterns I crafted

---

## [2020-10-21 11:21] eso

I'm deferring the MODS page for todays presentation. There's a lot to talk about instead
- standardized layout patterns
- MOD assignment from any weapon listing
- MOD assignment
- MOD comparison (passive and opt-in)
- Weapon Listing
- Weapon Comparison
- Hot link to New Equipment from PAN-LINK

P1 add new indicator flags
P1 add selection and flow states for PAN-LINK navigation
P1 add MOD assign from Equipment Listing
P3 update Claw Tooltip MODS and metrics
P3 update Hardcase Tooltip MODS and metrics
P3 create artboard for EQUIP which show a selected item being equipped to Slot
P3 refresh Loadout page to use updated standard layout
x update PANLINK design to use standard layout for items
x rebuild MOD assignment flow using standard layout
x add MOD comparison to addignment flow (same pattern as equip)
x editorial pass on keybinds
KS build out MOD list for MOD page

---

## [2020-10-21 11:48] eso

I am working on details of modifying any item in an equipment list. Looks promising.

---

## [2020-10-21 12:39] eso

added new flags to artboards
added use case for modifying the new item in the inventory

ready to present

---

## [2020-10-21 13:23] eso

- standardized layout patterns
- MOD assignment from any weapon listing
- MOD assignment
- MOD comparison (passive and opt-in)
- Weapon Listing
- Weapon Comparison
- Hot link to New Equipment from PAN-LINK

---

## [2020-10-21 14:17] eso

ugh that went well and not well
David is feeling disconnected from the Player CHaracter and feels (rightly) that landing on the equipment screeen should focus on the character, rather than the front end.

Is it possible to adapt that page

---

## [2020-10-21 15:36] eso

I'm working on an updated layout addressing David's insights. I think its a reasonable solution. Already feels more character-centric.

---

## [2020-10-22 17:00] eso

I'm sketching out some revised solutions that are more character-centric. I feel I'm approaching a good place, but it will take some more work to get there.

---

## [2020-10-24 10:22] eso

I'm fleshing out the sketches I previously made and reviewing where I landed when I was last bbbbbbbbbbbbhgbgbvbvbgbbvbvbvbbvbbbvbvbvbvbbbhere.

---

## [2020-10-24 10:24] eso

I'd updated the format of the item profile panel on an instance when I was last here. Need to make those changes to the component itself before moving forwward

---

## [2020-10-24 11:16] eso

it looks like XD has updated the auto animate feature to work between component states now. It just kind of works as expected, at least in my test cases.

---

## [2020-10-25 10:53] eso

I've rebuilt and optimized the item profile component

NEXT
sketching for 1h
possibilities of the more text-based approach in-progress
how does same approach work if slot gfx are used?

Artboards
PAN-LINK
EQUIPMENT LANDING
EQUIPMENT LIST WEAPON A
COMPARE WEAPONS
BROWSE MODS
MOD LIST
COMPARE MODS

---

## [2020-10-25 15:34] eso

I completed an additional revision pass on the profile template
reconstructing existing weapons

NEXT
- create armor profile
- create AMP profile (cybernetic arm)

---

## [2020-10-25 17:01] eso

I reviewed the Armor documentation again and constructed a mindmap of the details

I'm building out a headgear instance based on what I'd previously done in powerpoint

Synidcate X prefers to operate in the
shadows. To that end “The Emissary”
armor set provides the latest in ECM
and concealment technologiies for the
eld operatives who prefer using secrecy
to gain and maintain a stategic advantage.

---

## [2020-10-26 09:17] eso

I'm working on the Armor profile
x description
x origin
x defense/energy ratio (copy from design doc)

---

## [2020-10-26 10:25] eso

overthinking this armor layout. please don't Getting hung up on matching it to parts of the Weapon profile.

---

## [2020-10-26 12:23] eso

moving forward again w the Armor profile
Prepped for upcoming Equipment Screen meeting
located and tested last week's version to talk through as needed
setup basic flow PAN-LINK, LANDING, LOADOUT, EQUIPMENT, for the new more player-centric version

---

## [2020-10-26 16:08] eso

good meeting earlier
David was appreciative of the revised flow I demonstrated. However, the team would like to keep navigation on the left side of the screen, and I need to adpat the design to that purpose.

---

## [2020-10-26 16:08] eso

I am finishing up the Armor profile and will re-adress the flow and artboard layout for the rest of the day

---

## [2020-10-26 18:02] eso

finished draft for Armor profile
Defense and energy meter isn't looking that great but I want to move on to the Flow layout and authoring

---

## [2020-10-27 06:58] eso

I am working on flow layout and authoring based on input from yesterday's meeting.
x PAN-LINK
LANDING
LOADOUT
EQUIPMENT

---

## [2020-10-27 07:04] eso

David has provided some Mod examples for a Plasma Carbine and a Flamejet
I can adapt my design to the fiction of those weapons

---

## [2020-10-27 07:35] eso

updated my weapon content spreadsheet with the new Mods
I want to go back and refine the treatment of Mod values and comparisons. David had mentioned two "channels" for this information. And the idea is captured in the spreassheet as well.

Channel 1:
communicates the magnitude of increase or decrease
+++	Greatly increases/decreases
++	Slightly increases/decreases
+	increases/decreases

Channel 2:
communicates the delta between current and new value
This is what I've continued to communicate with the metering system. By its nature it gets detailed, so it is for advanced customers - min/maxers

---

## [2020-10-27 07:42] eso

now I'm getting started on Flow surgery

---

## [2020-10-27 09:04] eso

spent more time refining the Armor profile. Looks better. Not there yet really, but not wring either. Let's get going on the flow

---

## [2020-10-27 09:04] eso

working on PAN-LINK
x conform listed items to current design spec
x how does it look if ammo labels are reverse so they match equipment profile? LOOKS GOOD

---

## [2020-10-27 09:16] eso

updated NEW icon in pagenav component

---

## [2020-10-27 10:56] eso

x conform listed items to current design spec
revision and cleanup to PAN-LINK
further iteration on Armor Defense/Energy profile. Best version

---

## [2020-10-27 12:19] eso

I am working on the AMMO counter

---

## [2020-10-27 13:01] eso

AMMO counter looks good. Turned it into a component. Turned the ammo icons into components as well. Completed updated to PAN-LINK flow

x PAN-LINK
LANDING-NODETAILS
LANDING-DETAILS
LOADOUT
EQUIPMENT

---

## [2020-10-27 16:52] eso

working on LOADOUT menu

---

## [2020-10-27 22:43] eso

completed design for LOADOUT MENU and LANDING-DETAILS which integrates AMMO counter on both
conforming the rest of the LOADOUT flow to match

---

## [2020-10-27 23:54] eso

I've conformed the LOADOUT flow to the new design spec and refined solution for AMMO counter. The basic interactions I setup last week are functional but visually broken.

EQUIPMENT LIST
Selected item needs to stick to top of the list. This is the default selection upon list entry
List scrolling should happen underneath this pinned item. You can scroll to it, but you can't scroll past it.

MODS
Mod list needs to be viewed as grid instead of list. Figure out how many mods can fit per row. Use existing Mod representation as size reference.

NEXT
x 5	EQUIPMENT LANDING
x 1	EQUIPMENT DETAILS
x 1	BROWSE MODS
P1 5	EQUIPMENT LIST
P2 5	ASSIGN MODS
P2 3	COMPARE WEAPONS
P3 3	COMPARE MODS
P3 3	TEST WEAPON PREVIEW

---

## [2020-10-28 07:28] eso

working on EQUIPMENT landing
- offset list to make fixed focus at index-n

completed 1st pass layout for TEST WEAPON PREVIEW
- wire this interaction up to relevant parts of the flow

---

## [2020-10-28 07:46] eso

completed menu scroll

---

## [2020-10-28 08:13] eso

completed EQUIPMENT LANDING
added additional details of equipment callout coupled to player character as discussed in Monday's meeting

---

## [2020-10-28 08:48] eso

building out EQUIPMENT DETAILS from EQUIPMENT LANDING

---

## [2020-10-28 09:08] eso

completed EQUIPMENT DETAILS

---

## [2020-10-28 09:16] eso

starting BROWSE MODS

---

## [2020-10-28 09:56] eso

completed BROWSE MODS

x 5	EQUIPMENT LANDING
x 1	EQUIPMENT DETAILS
x 3	BROWSE MODS
x 5	ASSIGN MODS
x 5	EQUIPMENT LIST
P2 3	COMPARE WEAPONS
P2 3	COMPARE MODSdsassd
P3 3	TEST WEAPON PREVIEW

---

## [2020-10-28 09:57] eso

starting ASSIGN MODS

---

## [2020-10-28 11:21] eso

I worked out a different layout for MOD browsing and assignment
I iterated further on BROWSE MODS to conform to updated spec
continuing to build out the flow for ASSIGN MODS

---

## [2020-10-28 11:38] eso

continuing to work on ASSIGN MODS

---

## [2020-10-28 11:55] eso

completed ASSIGN MODS
starting on EQUIPMENT LIST

---

## [2020-10-28 12:59] eso

completed EQUIPMENT LIST

---

## [2020-10-28 13:00] eso

ready to present

---

## [2020-10-30 19:04] eso

I've updated the horizontal navigation as a new component. clean!

---

## [2020-10-31 11:26] eso

working on optimizing the XD doc and removing chaff
storing it locally to see file size changes
display performance has become very unresponsive, and I'm not sure if its because of the repeated presence of high rez images or ... what?
Is it better to instance any image?
Or does that even matter? It seems like the slowdown comes from rasterizing each artboard
- fewer artboards?
- reduce all gfx to screensize usage?
- instance all gfx?

---

