# Raw Entries for December 2021

**Total Entries:** 22
**Projects:** iveda

---

## [2021-12-01 20:34] iveda

I'm working out the details of the various resource inspectors for design review with Greg tomorrow


# What do I need to know about a Device?

## What is it's profile picture?
- default iconography if not customized

## What is its name?
- Device Friendly Name

## What kind of device is it?
- Bluetooth Tracker
- Bluetooth Beacon
- TempPad
- Sensor
- Watch
- Phone
- Vehicle
- Camera
- Media

## Where does it belong?
- Map Reference
    + What facility?
    + What floorplan
    + Collection of rooms/boundaries
    
## Where is it now?
- Indoors
    + Map Reference
    * position relative to a point of interest (beacon, fence)
- Outdoors
    + Point of Interest (address)
    + GPS coordinates (when there's no address)
- No location

## When was it last heard from?
- today (now)
- today (minutes ago)
- today (hours ago)
- date & time

## Is it connected?

## Is it on-duty?

## Is it occupied?

## What is its battery level?

## What is its signal strength (stations)

## How old is it?
- Does it’s age correspond with a significant event?
- Does it’s age correspond to a milestone of any kind?

Device Type: 

## What are its sensor readings?
- Current reading
- Signify if value is trending up/down
- How many readings have been logged todaycurrent temp 

## How much time has passed?
- Show how long a user has been on duty
- Show how much time a room has been occupied 
- For a camera, how much footage has been archived?
- For a station?

## How many alerts has this resource broadcast?
- last 24h
- last week
- last month

## Calls to Action
### Location Utility
- Play Sound
- Directions To

### Ownership Utils
- Assign To
    + Group
    + Space

### Alert Handling
- Mute
- Resolve Alert
- De-Escalate Alert
- Cancel Alert

### Analytics
- Location History
- Alerts History
- Configuration History
- Camera History

## Who is it assigned to?
- These usergroups receive this resource's notifications

## Who is it shared with?
- These usergroups can see this resource on the map

## Under what conditions does this resource broadcast an Alert?
- Out of Range
    + Resource is no longer located where it belongs
- Battery
    + Low Battery
    + No Power
- Connectivity
    + Disconnected
- Sensor Reading
    + reading is below minimum value
    + reading is above maximum value
    + no reading
- Radio
    + Low signal strength
    + No signal



Greg & I are talking abou6t the location graph
need to treat it like an audio editor scrubbing tool
The histogram becomes useful when tiny because you can see larger patterns

Need to be able to switch modes between history
Take a look at the iphone camera application for an example

consider using colors and shapes + overlay + size to indicate differences between calencar modes

Being able to look at history as a calendar is the value add
fluid navigation from years to months to days is the heart of the feature 
The iOS Calendar app was mentioned as a reference
I think that Audio/Video timelines are also a good reference

Allowed areas & Disallowed areas
Some spaces can be labeled Allowed. Leaving an Allowed space triggers an Out of Bounds warning
Some spaces can be labeled Disallowed. Entering a Disallowed space triggers a Trespassing warning

The History Navigator is the 
Make sure to define the UX clearly

Make sure to map out the flow for assignment
Make sure map out a basic 

we will add a sorting feature for notes: tabs


get a flow review on the calendar. 
for the components discussed today
include

Reach out to Calvin, and bring him into the project. Any concerns or consequences on the back end will influence the design.

I've had Calvin in mind for the Product Guide editorial I've been developing. I will ask him for feedback on the design guide in general.  


The rule engine.
Don't try to focus on all potential cases. Put your attention on cases that can be evaluated.
Consider using a "wizard" like 

Time is our secret sauce
What going on in the world at that time
All of a sudden this just became the Sims vs Sim City Game I always wanted to play
That csame clock control can include a method for stepping backwards and forwards. 

The map view can include a global Time CLock
Is it possible to go back in time? 
Not just a single device. All the devicess. The entire network

---

## [2021-12-05 13:19] iveda

I started organizing my reference and my thinking using Notion. I spent some time formatting and arranging and importing content about different features: Automation Features, History Features, Checking In
I am going to post the link to Slack a bit later once I have it clend up a but more

TODO
P1 prepare invoice
P2 DESIGN: Device History UI
P3 SKETCH: Automation (alert rule setup)
x cleanup and organize NOTION
P3 set a design review agenda for next week
P2 create a spreadsheet to aggregate top 10 content from sources Sam & I choose

NEXT
x prepare and send invoice
P1 PM: Setup Skinjestor Notion and verify guest invitations as well as public links
P2 DESIGN: Device History UI
P3 SKETCH: Automation (alert rule setup)
P3 set a design review agenda for next week
P2 share 
P2 create a spreadsheet to aggregate top 10 content from sources Sam & I choose

---

## [2021-12-06 17:05] iveda

what would a diagram of an alert being sent to a usergroup look like?
create a simple functional spec for temporal navigation through a device's history

---

## [2021-12-10 15:08] iveda

IvedaPinpoint is a cloud-based platform for tracking IoT devices on interior and exterior maps. Querying the history and current status of connected devices provides ongoing telemetry as well as rich insights into how the network operates. For example, according to the American Hospital Association (AHA), in 2019 devices per hospital bed has increased to 15 and utilization of medical equipment averages only 42%. Often, mobile medical devices are not where caregivers need them. IvedaPinpoint can identify the location of these assets and alert the appropriate staff when equipment is removed from an area or taken out of the building.

IvedaPinpoint is an integrated service within the Iveda CEREBRO technology stack. A compatible video surveillance system, for example, can share camera devices as Map Resources. 

Iveda Sentir Digital Transformation Solutions

---

## [2021-12-12 16:48] iveda

continuing to work on the Design doc in Notion

PINPOINT is an integrated service within the Iveda CEREBRO framework. A compatible video surveillance system, for example, can share camera devices as Map Resources.

---

## [2021-12-12 17:40] iveda

In this strategy, the developer focuses on the main content and functions first and then adds extra capabilities if the browser and platform offer more frills around the edges. Related to progressive enhancement is responsive web design, in which content is designed to resize for specific platforms, such as mobile or desktop devices.

---

## [2021-12-12 23:02] iveda

The technology can be used to find people and items inside buildings, find directions, and more. The technology is cost-effective, easy to deploy, and requires minimal effort.

---

## [2021-12-13 09:34] iveda

Cluster list content by relevant criteria. Some of these groupings can provide greater insights into the items listed in the feed.



By owner
In motion
Near me
Recently viewed
By Room/Floor/Building
By Type
By Urgency
By Connectivity
New

---

## [2021-12-14 01:26] iveda

This system helps clients monitor resources they’re responsible for. Whenever some Pinpoint resource changes state, users and groups assigned to it are notified. 

# Ranking Notification by urgency
Pinpoint resources broadcast a notification upon any change of state. Pinpoint itself may send notifications of varying severity.

Low         Status Update (Resource)
            Status Update (Pinpoint)
Medium      Acknowledgement
            Warning
High        Alert
            Confirmation
            Error
Critical    System Failure

# Who receives Notifications?
An Alert is a high or critical urgency condition users assigned to a resource need to know about. Alert conditions are defined per each resource.

---

## [2021-12-14 09:57] iveda

Greg/Gary meeting
afterwards - add this meeting to JIRA
            - share 
            
Talking through my problem state
Greg mentions it will useful to tag a moment in time for easy r

David Moon will be setting up our private JIRA, CONFLUENCE, ETC
reach out to him to speak about project management tools, such as:
Notion
Figma

Room Inventory
when you see a room inventory you can see an indication of when there's a change. It points out things that

Can we apply histograms to the

In the example provided by the Glasswire scale, label the 

Reach out to some contacts and see if we can get

Sid is presenting material for CEREBRO 1.0 - this is the old approach to the technology

our material is called CEREBRO 2.0 - this is the approach Greg & I have been concepting. It turns out that what we are building is a tool for organizations to build collaborative policies around the management and tracking IoT resources within geofenced boundaries.

---

## [2021-12-15 12:37] iveda

invited Calvin to the Notion and Figma workspaces
I'm spending the next 1h cleaning up the Figma project

---

## [2021-12-16 12:23] iveda

Iveda seems to have spun up a new working group, or some sort of organizational structuring in Mesa. They moved to a different (better?) office. The previous one was next to a firearms dealership, which may not be unusual in Arizona I guess. But they also changed to different bank accunts, and sent me a physical check number 002 from this new account, signed by David Ly. BoA will place a hold on the deposit until the funds are "verified" and that will happen on 12/23. Sooner perhaps.

---

## [2021-12-16 12:27] iveda

Calvin provided me w an iveda.com email and I'm re-inviting him to Figma and Notion

---

## [2021-12-16 18:25] iveda

Calvin is having some trouble accessing Figma. Seems to be email related? Perhaps some kind of firewall policy at iveda.com?

---

## [2021-12-17 14:26] iveda

Calvin was able to login to the Figma project with the public linjk I sent. obviously non-optimal. I suggested that he try creating a Figma account under his iveda.com mail. No response yet. Even so, why should this even be an issue at all. Sort of a drag that this isn't seamless. My hope is to have iveda run Notion & Figma on their corporate account.

---

## [2021-12-17 14:28] iveda

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
I'm working on the Visualization section. I was copy/pasting the editorial text, but maybe better to get the chart gfx in there

A few basic charts are described here for common use cases. Incorporating a charting library such as chart.js provides a bridge between the data and the visualization

---

## [2021-12-17 22:16] iveda

looks like we're having a braindump meeting on Monday. New member of the team David Moon. I've sent out invitations and links to the Notion and Figma projects

---

## [2021-12-18 16:02] iveda

One of the Iveda VP's, Sid Sung will be joining us for the brainstorming meeting on Moday. Its in the evening at 5p

In the next hour, I want to
- clean up Resources Section
- add content to Mapping section from Powerpoint
x add Table chart example to Reporting section
- duplicate sitemap (handheld) as sitemap(desktop)

Beyond the Infinite Two Minutes
Nightmare Alley
Titane

---

## [2021-12-23 10:31] iveda

meeting w David

missing docs - finalize

he is Sid's contact
he has worked w Calvin before

having a fun chat

talking about what Sid neeeds to see
I want him to be a creative partner

Sid needs to be able to touch things

Several actions are going on in parallel
- Conceptual/Design
- backend

I feel like there is also a third (unspoken) action
- working build

Maybe more than several actions actually.
Consider making a mind map to organize your thoughts about what needs to happen next, and how you can provide inputs

---

## [2021-12-23 15:55] iveda

My takeaway from meeting w David earlier is that I need to get faster ad producing my outputs. The main thuing slowing me down at the moment is constant restructuring of the docs for presentation. They look great as a result, but its a good time to shift focus to document completion

---

## [2021-12-31 11:20] iveda

I spent time yesterday further organizing the Iveda notions space, but we're going to be sticking with Confluence, as this is already univerrally available to everyone. That's cool. the work done yesterday wasn't for nothing, but I guess it was efferrctively a practice session.

Still, with the level of structure I have going now, I think it may be relatively straightforward to export or manually copy/paste intgo confluence

---

## [2021-12-31 11:22] iveda

Ah, I'd forgotten I'd initially begun the design guide here in Iveda COnfluence. There's already a structure I can build from

---

