# Raw Entries for June 2021

**Total Entries:** 201
**Projects:** His Portfolio, garyboodhooworld, profile, xoholo

---

## [2021-06-01 12:11] xoholo

I've setup a JIRA project to track FUTUREWORLD developments. Yoann is coming by for happy hour later today and I want to do a bit of show and tell but also discuss workflow and some strategy. I'm limited on available time today but am working on verifying import and rendering of these niagara systems

---

## [2021-06-01 12:30] xoholo

I'm reviewing the work I was doing on export from houdini to niagara. The sparse point cloud I exported is too sparse, but also came in upside down. Why?

---

## [2021-06-01 16:18] xoholo

I'm doing some cleanup of the demo point cloud animation scene to show Yoann a bit later

---

## [2021-06-01 20:22] xoholo

good meetup w Yoann. I showed off the fluid point cloud particle sim I've been working on and I think it had a great effect for both of us realizing we can do less than we thought. The particle animation IS the animation. Yoann shared some audio with me from a prior live performance that I'l;l be using as a reference.

---

## [2021-06-01 23:27] xoholo

studying Niagara

---

## [2021-06-03 12:00] xoholo

shared mood board w Yoann

WHAT ARE YOU DOING TODAY
FUTURE-21 Study UE4 Niagara system

IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE YOU CAN DO?
While I study, I can also work on:
FUTURE-5 verify movie queue rendering of UE4 point cloud assets

How much more study do you need? Are you OK with saying that FUTURE-21 will wrap up today?

---

## [2021-06-03 13:53] xoholo

NEXT
I can use the Niagra system I've been playing with as a rendering test

---

## [2021-06-03 16:42] xoholo

working on FUTURE-5 related task and verifying movie queuee output of GPU particles

---

## [2021-06-03 18:10] xoholo

Working out some stuff with thee rendering queue that I thought I'd gotten figured out before. Why is my designated camera not being used? Where is my camera?

---

## [2021-06-03 18:26] xoholo

Ah, there it is. gotta have a camera cuts track so UE4 knows what you want
Rendering 1080p at this quality level is rapid

---

## [2021-06-03 19:07] xoholo

after a coule of variations, I've got the rendering workflow happening

NEXT
take a look at a high resolution rendering - tiled or otherwise

---

## [2021-06-03 23:24] xoholo

I'm rendering out a 12800x6400 sequence. ETA 01:58:04
GPU load is very high
VRAM is almost entirely consumed 22.4/24.0GB

I don't need to render the entire sequence but I do need to see it working with particles filling the screen

---

## [2021-06-04 09:42] xoholo

that high rez (non-tiled) rendering worked out just fine
I'm going to test out a tiled configuration and wrap up the investigation

I'm going to wrap up [FUTURE-21 Study UE4 Niagara system] after:
- complete the tutorial here: 
    - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziwNVtOyKSU&ab_channel=SemSchreuder
- review the examples in the HoudiniNiagaraSetup project
- review the UE4 Niagara content examples

---

## [2021-06-04 14:56] xoholo

switched over to LOCUTUS to get work started on [FUTURE-22 render Arctic scene flythru for Animatic]

---

## [2021-06-04 16:38] xoholo

reorganizing material in Arctic project

---

## [2021-06-04 19:55] xoholo

experimenting with the lighting and atmospherics.
couuld do so forever
I've got a much better impression of the space and am able to navigate it efficientlt now
how about working on some fly-throughs next?

---

## [2021-06-05 10:27] xoholo

After messing around with the Arctic project I pushed too far, got sort of lost and wanted to make sure I was starting from the baseline I liked so much. So I created a new project for the Animatic production and putting what I learned to good use in making some tweks.

At the moment I've gotten a bot hung up on camera DOF. Have never seen it used. Not sure if its possible for Camera360, but feel its important enough to study this before moving on.

How about timeboxing it to an hour?

---

## [2021-06-05 10:30] xoholo

Timebos: study UE4 camera dof

console command
r.TemporalAA.Upsampling 0

to add this value in Sequencer, you'll need to set it in the level blueprint
(which I've now done)

// does this also imply you're using temporalAA?r
consider adding the following to a movie render queue pipeline
r.TemporalAA.Upsampling 0

//are these just for raytracing though?
// Epic actually suggests disabling the denoisers if you render with high enough subsampling, aka 64+
r.AmbientOcclusion.Denoiser.TemporalAccumulation 0
r.GlobalIllumination.Denoiser.TemporalAccumulation 0
r.Reflections.Denoiser.TemporalAccumulation 0
r.Shadow.Denoiser.TemporalAccumulation 0

---

## [2021-06-05 13:20] xoholo

running a test (raytrace-scenedefault) render at 1080p [ETA 47m]

---

## [2021-06-05 15:23] xoholo

crane-test isn't that impressive.
- needs to be 2x longer
- dof is much too shallow
- camera

---

## [2021-06-05 19:41] xoholo

combined a rail and a crane and got a nice, aerial camera move

---

## [2021-06-07 10:30] xoholo

good session with Yoann yesterday. I did some scanning at his place. We looked at the material I brought over, and I got to hear him react to it live. A couple moments of serendipity. We talked about the editing process a bit, and we're both agreed on this broader heuristic:
provide transitions and small reveals in the enviroment like a DJ, then do one big reval where its another world entirely. A strategy of tease, tease, release, transcend.

Practically, for the Wintermute scene, this means rendering out multiple versions of each camera move I've setup, so that during edit we can transition to these versions or play other games with the 10 screens while maintaining consitent timebase

We also took note of how certain juxtapositions of footage worked together when we had them all playing at once. Its important to match camera moves with any other motion. If the camera is turning right, then the next view should follow that up by continuing to turn right, or rotate right, etc.

All motion needs to be continuous. Sharp cuts aren't what we want. We may find that dissolving between things has its own voice.

I've discovered a new scanning technique of following the subject while moving through a space. It creates a snakelike worldline for the subject while the enviroment remains constant. While reviewing the pointcloud I discovered that if you position the POV behind the subject and then move the camera through the volume, you will see the motion of the subject recreated as you move through each sample taken. It came by surprised and I'm eager to see it on the computer.

Earlier this morning I found an app that records pointcloud videos. It exports thee standard formats and I'm curious to see how that output works with the methods I've looked at for working w pointclouds in UE4. If I import that data w the LIDAR plugin do I get the animated data as well? Do these files work with the Houdini Niagara pipeline?

I deprioritized the Houdini Niagara data processing to work on Wintermut camera anim last week but would like to resolve any further questions I have about that process as well as know any limitations and workarounds.

TODAY
- continue working on Wintermute drone 3 sequence
    + goal: start a 5400 frame render of this material tonight

- organize my scans
- setup a UE4 project to review sequential scans
- install UE4 on MULE
- data processing for Houdini Niagara import

THIS WEEK
I want to tighten the loop and my connections with Recombinant Media Labs. I cant to show them some of the work I've been doing.

I don't want to simply share screenshots and movies on my phone, I want to give them a URL, which will also let me add some description for context.

What is the easiest way to do this?
- Confluence?
- Milanote?
    + would also allow me to share Futureworld Moodboard
    + what does Milanote look like when sent as a public link?

Milanote is a great solution.
I want to share annotated samples of the work I'm doing with Steve and Nout

---

## [2021-06-07 11:41] xoholo

FUTURE-1 organize 3D scans

---

## [2021-06-07 14:43] xoholo

oh that's interesting. The "animated" point clouds from that new app are sequences of .ply files. Unsurprisingly they are very storage intensive
(or seem storage intensive when exported as .ply sequences. Impractically so. On the phone they consume much less room. This isn't something I want to dive deeply into right now. Will pick up this investigation later

---

## [2021-06-07 15:04] xoholo

I've transferred all my scans from my phone to ONYX. I'm doing a bit of review and organization. There's a lot of data here. I can't see it all at once. How can I narrow the scope a bit? Just giving these better names and getting rid of obvious chaff would be useful

I've started UE4 install to MULE, but needing to update Windows, etc first

---

## [2021-06-07 16:10] xoholo

How am I looking on the Wintermute animation? I need 3+ hours to get that going

---

## [2021-06-08 13:09] xoholo

There's been a change of plan. I just spoke w Yoann about it. Cinemachamber 2021 will be running June 24 with pre-existing content. The artists who were invited to show will be on the cinemachamber 2022 program. I feel so disappointed and broken right now, but I have to figure out my next steps. All this wasn't for nothing. I found something here. I was planning to document this journey as a whitepaper demonstrating social immersive content or something like that. but niow the game has changed and all my plans feel like they have come to nothing.

Looking at that promo and not seeing our names on it was a punch in the gut. I'm reflecting on that and realizing how much worse it would havee been to see our names on it. I would not be able to meet that date and was targeting end of July as plausible. Truth is though, the date was always unknown, and while I felt I had the freedom to "go with the flow" it was a red flag that there would be issues ahead.

Gary, real talk. I know it feels like something died and that you're feeling lost and alone. Its not the end of the story though man. Its the beginning. Creativity means having an audience. Creativity also means having a team. Yoann is on my team, and although at the moment I'm unimpressed by Nout and Recombinant Media Labs, I know he's only doing what he has to. He (or at least his setup) can still be on my team giving me the opportunity to document the work in this space

I'd like to see what the point cloud material looks like in that space, and record it for my documentation. I can make that happen if I reach out to Steve today. How soon can I have material prepared though? Could I have a sequence rendered out by Sunday?

Put another way: what needs to happen to have material ready to show in the space on Sunday?

output is: 360 degree sequence of point cloud level design/animation 
unknowns:

---

## [2021-06-08 13:33] xoholo

not related to the psychodrama but yesterday I started collating my existing scans and posting screencaptures and video to a new Milanote board.

---

## [2021-06-08 13:45] xoholo

for purposes of the whitepaper I'll also examine the use case of reality capture from videogames (photogrammetry from video capture)

---

## [2021-06-08 13:52] xoholo

x I want to contact Steve to setup a time for demoing some material
P2 I want to schedule the work around making a deliverable of new material for this weekend
P3 I want to continue reviewing the scans I've made

---

## [2021-06-08 16:26] xoholo

I spoke with Steve. They're doing some calibration and setup at Gray Area, but he expects they'll be open after Wednesday for work to be viewed. He'll get back to me w details

---

## [2021-06-08 16:28] xoholo

what needs to happen to have material ready to show in the space on Sunday?
P1 I need to setup a UE4 project for the demo
P1 I need to know which assets I'm using
P2 I need to reliably bring in point clouds for animation in Niagara
P2 I need to verify the panoramic rendering pipeline w Niagara pointclouds
P3 I need to place metrics in the scene to guide composing for the aspect ratio
P3 I need to setup a sequence where the POV follows the subject of a sequential cloud

---

## [2021-06-08 17:35] xoholo

- make all the imported clouds have same alignment and position during Houdini processing
- how can I show RGB values of each point?

---

## [2021-06-09 09:06] xoholo

I processed some candidate scans for processing w Houdini. Cleaned them up statistically, cropped content and aligned to grid. Let's do this.

---

## [2021-06-09 11:50] xoholo

I'm getting Houdini environment setup correctly.

---

## [2021-06-09 12:32] xoholo

I've organized Houdini better.

---

## [2021-06-09 13:06] xoholo

new7 asset is upside down. correcting in Cloud Compare

---

## [2021-06-09 13:15] xoholo

corrected that asset's orientation. Ah damn it, no I didn't I was looking at the wrong Houdini output

---

## [2021-06-09 13:55] xoholo

exported new7.hbjson 39.3MB 981855 pts

---

## [2021-06-09 16:05] xoholo

I'm working with some of the Houdini Niagara material I'd studied before. Taking a look at how the emitters work. I'm noticing how GPU and CPU emitters spawn a bit differently.

---

## [2021-06-09 16:39] xoholo

What I'm not understanding is why particles in this basic emitter:
- don't seem to have an independent spawn rate
- spawns particles that flow from the origin to the emitter

looking more closely, the particles do spawn from the emitters as expected the first time thru the lopp, and subsequently spawn from the origin

---

## [2021-06-09 16:46] xoholo

part of the problem is that I still don't really understand Niagara'

---

## [2021-06-09 19:19] xoholo

making some progress. I'm able tp make forms persist and build in a more controlled manner.

---

## [2021-06-10 08:15] xoholo

Spent yesterday in a dep dive wit Niagara trying to understand how I could control some of the Houdini point cache demo samples. I got much further than I was before and also came across an interesting tip

https://mycgdoc.com/Houdini-UE4-Niagara-04f372491ef84fbf811fb943fa2c1dad

the point cache system has a MaxSampleTime variable (the length of the Houdini rendered sequence in the cache) that needs to be correlated with emitter LoopDuration under emitter update.

    Particle color updates seek vector4 data types, which include an alpha channel, but this is not included in the incoming point cache asset's vector3 color. To address this, use the drop-down menu next to the parameter input and select an option that allows for splitting the vector4 into a vector3 + float as separate values.

    Example: The Color module added to the Particle Spawn section has an option to Make Linear Color From Vector and a Float. With this setting reassigning the vector via the drop-down menu will access the Houdini color attribute as a vector3.

The same source also had advice on how to use the color values in the cache, as well as including Houdini's pScale value in the render to JSON.

    Example: The Color module added to the Particle Spawn section has an option to Make Linear Color From Vector and a Float. With this setting reassigning the vector via the drop-down menu will access the Houdini color attribute as a vector3.

---

## [2021-06-10 10:20] xoholo

completed OPS-50 install UE4 on MULE
I installed this on my 3rd machine to open up capabilities of network rendering, ndisplay, and pixel streaming

---

## [2021-06-10 11:16] xoholo

spent time doing strategy and planning with JIRA . Cleaned up my dashboard. Added Tempo app for planning and time tracking

NEXT
apply the new information about point cache MaxSampleTime to yesterdays work. Is it now less chaotic?

THEN
import new7.ply point cloud
- any issues with the number of points here?
- is there an upper limit for the number of points that can be imported into a point cache?
- is there an upper limit to the number of points Niagara can display (CPU/GPU) from a point cache?

---

## [2021-06-10 13:52] xoholo

after some hacking around I found a way to correlate emitter loop duration with the cache length. It works. The behavior at the end of the loop now causes the particle field to expand forever though.

---

## [2021-06-10 16:34] xoholo

I think I know about as much as I can from this Niagara study session. Feeling a bit more comfortable in the system. Pleasantly lost. I did achieve the engame I wanted, but now the sampel shape expands infinitely once the pointcache has been read.

I'm going to step through the 6 minute Niagara tutorial I've wanted to complete. Maybe there's some last thing I can know

---

## [2021-06-10 23:07] xoholo

I spent most of the day studying Niagara and have taken it so much further than where I was earlier this week. Frim doing what I thought was a basic tutorial I came across a simple method of using the (normalized) diustance between the camera (or any other point) to ramp between colors of a sprite. I realized I could apply this to particle scaling so that particles wouldn't appear to grow larger when you got close to them. I implemented that in a few minutes and while it could use some refinement, the basic idea is realized, and it looks so coolr.temporal

---

## [2021-06-12 11:20] xoholo

updating JIRA planning
Steve Pi got back to me and mentioned theres an opening 12-2 on Sunday. I won't be able to hit that target. The scope of learning different systems and workflow, specifically Niagara has been an order of magnitude more involving than I thought. Its nothing to be ashamed of, but you need to acknowledge the cost of learning/playing/research

I asked Steve if there would be availability at the Gray Area space later next week or weekend. He wasn't certain, but confirmed that the installation will remain up during July. Still - it seems like it might be up in the air a little bit, and my own priorities have me there sooner than later.

Its worth taking some time to reflect on my Team. I'm not really sure what I mean by that, but its a realization emerging from the corollary to my statement that Creativity means having an audience. Specifically, Creativity means having a Team.

Who is my team?
Steve Pi
Yoann
Thea
Ruwan

---

## [2021-06-12 13:31] xoholo

completed some JIRA cleanup and work updates
starting my worksession now

---

## [2021-06-12 14:14] xoholo

I'm stepping through an audio reactive niagara tutorial. For some reason my setup at the beginning doesn't match what I'm seeing on screen. The scale mesh size module doesn't work at all? Examining

Particle Update
Maintain in Camera Particle Scale
this seems like an automated and refined implementation of the mechanic I discovered to change particle size by distance from particle to the camera

---

## [2021-06-12 14:29] xoholo

OK I got it. The mesh particle wasn't initialized after spawning

---

## [2021-06-12 15:33] xoholo

I created a niagara system that reacts to audio!
Playing with it

---

## [2021-06-13 16:07] xoholo

Good meeting with Yoann today. We're on the same page about how to proceed. Big picture
- interactive workflow
    + OSC input
    + audio input
        * prerecorded
        * live
    - dedicated machine for pixel streaming
- figure out how to best utilize access to gray area
    + how does audio work in the space
- use Slack for communication hub

---

## [2021-06-13 17:14] xoholo

I setup a basic Slack workspace which I scheduled time tomorrow for a bit of refinement before inviting Yoann

---

## [2021-06-14 13:02] xoholo

I did some cleanup, planning and population for the Future World Slack before inviting Yoann to join. Just sent invite

---

## [2021-06-14 13:07] His Portfolio

I revised all my Milanote boards to better support my goals. They're back! and they're better than ever. The time away from garyboodhooworld was wild and I'm not fully back yet but looking back through this project I like what I'm seeing. My instincts are still good. 

I'm planning to move the existing JIRA project to match my others, as the GBWORLD project uses legacy JIRA stuff and is more complicated than it needs to be.

---

## [2021-06-14 13:07] garyboodhooworld

I revised all my Milanote boards to better support my goals. They're back! and they're better than ever. The time away from garyboodhooworld was wild and I'm not fully back yet but looking back through this project I like what I'm seeing. My instincts are still good. 

I'm planning to move the existing JIRA project to match my others, as the GBWORLD project uses legacy JIRA stuff and is more complicated than it needs to be.

---

## [2021-06-14 13:07] profile

I revised all my Milanote boards to better support my goals. They're back! and they're better than ever. The time away from garyboodhooworld was wild and I'm not fully back yet but looking back through this project I like what I'm seeing. My instincts are still good. 

I'm planning to move the existing JIRA project to match my others, as the GBWORLD project uses legacy JIRA stuff and is more complicated than it needs to be.

---

## [2021-06-14 18:23] His Portfolio

Performed some maintenance and cleanup of the interim garyboodhoo.world site/ No real reason for doing so other than needing to touch that project again

---

## [2021-06-14 18:23] garyboodhooworld

Performed some maintenance and cleanup of the interim garyboodhoo.world site/ No real reason for doing so other than needing to touch that project again

---

## [2021-06-14 18:23] profile

Performed some maintenance and cleanup of the interim garyboodhoo.world site/ No real reason for doing so other than needing to touch that project again

---

## [2021-06-15 14:22] His Portfolio

The garyboodhoo.world nomenclature is hard to work with and isn’t hitting me right. The URL itself relies on spelling my name correctly. Maybe that’s not so much of a problem as I assume but like Thea, I am also concerned about cultural issues with identity. 
Truth is though, when I write the phrase Gary Boodhoo World out, it just sort of sits there on the page. There are too many syllables and I keep trying to make it it say Gary World or Boodhoo World. It just naturally reads as My World, or to others Gary Boodhoo’s world. 
There’s something too introspective there. Too basic
I’m leaning towards my emergent view of a Handsome Men’s Collection. That word handsome resonates for me. Everyone wants to think they might be part of that club!
There are other resonances bubbling under the surface I hope will emerge.

---

## [2021-06-15 14:22] profile

The garyboodhoo.world nomenclature is hard to work with and isn’t hitting me right. The URL itself relies on spelling my name correctly. Maybe that’s not so much of a problem as I assume but like Thea, I am also concerned about cultural issues with identity. 
Truth is though, when I write the phrase Gary Boodhoo World out, it just sort of sits there on the page. There are too many syllables and I keep trying to make it it say Gary World or Boodhoo World. It just naturally reads as My World, or to others Gary Boodhoo’s world. 
There’s something too introspective there. Too basic
I’m leaning towards my emergent view of a Handsome Men’s Collection. That word handsome resonates for me. Everyone wants to think they might be part of that club!
There are other resonances bubbling under the surface I hope will emerge.

---

## [2021-06-15 15:27] His Portfolio

I've spent several hours reorganizing my content boards in Milanote. I've also reviewed where I stepped off the project. I was doing great work. Its insightful and interesting. Structurally. I didn't have a voice, or feel like I had anything to say. I do now.

---

## [2021-06-15 15:27] profile

I've spent several hours reorganizing my content boards in Milanote. I've also reviewed where I stepped off the project. I was doing great work. Its insightful and interesting. Structurally. I didn't have a voice, or feel like I had anything to say. I do now.

---

## [2021-06-15 16:20] His Portfolio

Profile
Listener
Become
Gather
Prestige
Wealth
Collect
Cluster
Generate
Engage
Lead
Deliver
Win
Garden
Guide'
Ship

Profile
Gather
Engage
Lead
Garden
Ship
Positioning
Capable

---

## [2021-06-15 16:20] profile

Profile
Listener
Become
Gather
Prestige
Wealth
Collect
Cluster
Generate
Engage
Lead
Deliver
Win
Garden
Guide'
Ship

Profile
Gather
Engage
Lead
Garden
Ship
Positioning
Capable

---

## [2021-06-15 16:44] His Portfolio

I've renamed this project as PROFILE

---

## [2021-06-15 16:44] profile

I've renamed this project as PROFILE

---

## [2021-06-16 10:34] His Portfolio

I'm having some friction around the site name (incredibly)
Realistically, I'm the one person who cares about the URL lol

---

## [2021-06-16 10:34] profile

I'm having some friction around the site name (incredibly)
Realistically, I'm the one person who cares about the URL lol

---

## [2021-06-16 10:36] His Portfolio

Iterating on some copy. Don't spend too much time with this. Just a creative exercise

He is a product designer, game developer, OG new media artist. 

Hard candy, sharp and sweet.

Hard candy, sharp and sweet. He is GARYBOODHOO. He designs fun interfaces, workshops and ambient environments for humans. 

OG Interactive

---

## [2021-06-16 10:36] profile

Iterating on some copy. Don't spend too much time with this. Just a creative exercise

He is a product designer, game developer, OG new media artist. 

Hard candy, sharp and sweet.

Hard candy, sharp and sweet. He is GARYBOODHOO. He designs fun interfaces, workshops and ambient environments for humans. 

OG Interactive

---

## [2021-06-16 11:12] His Portfolio

Listening to Deadmau5 at the UE4 seminar. I don't know much about him but his background is so familiar. Old school. Amiga. Flash. Got his start making music for Flash Intros. Felt he was never good enough at piano and stuff, but he had the music in his head and big 90's ideas.

---

## [2021-06-16 11:12] profile

Listening to Deadmau5 at the UE4 seminar. I don't know much about him but his background is so familiar. Old school. Amiga. Flash. Got his start making music for Flash Intros. Felt he was never good enough at piano and stuff, but he had the music in his head and big 90's ideas.

---

## [2021-06-16 13:16] xoholo

imported new7.hbjson into UE4
98155 points
1 frame

---

## [2021-06-16 13:40] xoholo

success!
I've also brought in the RGB colors from the scan

A couple of questions:
- I had to set a reference to the Houdini Point Cache I'm using a few times in the tutorial module. How can I set that  system-wide? (I'm only working with the emitter at the moment)

As before, using GPU sim, the point cloud starts expanding after time 0. Is that just of using a constant value for sampling AGE. Is that module even necessary for my purposes?

Onb Initialization, a number of particles are spawned from the Houdini point cache. They have a lifetime. When the particle updates, nothing should change.

---

## [2021-06-16 14:37] xoholo

I may have scaled the pointcloud too large by an order of magnitude or so

---

## [2021-06-16 14:47] xoholo

I've rexported new7.hbjson 10x smaller

---

## [2021-06-16 14:57] xoholo

still gigantic when viewed in the environment
exported from Houdini with no scaling this time

---

## [2021-06-16 17:57] xoholo

The 1x scale is maybe a bit too small?
However it's also possible to change the scale by changing the age at which the point cache is sampled (it expands outward when there's only a single fram eto sample from)

- why does the point cloud disappear sometimes in the UE4 camera view?
- theres' something about the looping and/or particle lifetimes that I'm not quite understanding.

- how does the life value exported with the data relate to the particle.lifetime value?

---

## [2021-06-17 00:26] xoholo

I studied some of the Niagara content examples and have a greater understanding of emitter looping and lifetime. Some of it is qite non obvious, but simple enough. I also learned some methods for manipulating niagara actors in a level sequence. I learned that I can add user parameters to a niagara system and keyframe those values from sequencer, which is great! There's a lot that can be done with blueprints of course, but thats not my level of engagement right now, as I remain under the constraint of rendering out cinematic ocntent rather than creating interactive content

---

## [2021-06-17 00:56] xoholo

I've rexported the new7 point cloud with a scaling factor of 10.

This was a good session. I'm now able to treat the Niagara editor timeline and the sequencer timeline the same. I'm able to scrub thru niagara system age in the sequence. I'm also able to set up the Niagara system/emitter stat to loop for the duration of the component lifecycle sequencer track. Any emitter looping I setup in the Niagara editor loops continually in the sequencer for the duration of the timeline. Its very flexible to change things up this way.
I think I can apply everything learned here back to the point cloud asset next session. Great work man.

---

## [2021-06-17 01:13] xoholo

holy shit, the point cloud is melting just the way I wanted. I'm so amazed and happy

---

## [2021-06-17 14:45] xoholo

I'm doing some research on particle materials and adding new material types to the project

---

## [2021-06-17 15:41] xoholo

Wasn't really able to figure out the example the unreal docs give for particle radius. Maybe look into why later.
I've added a user parameter to pointclous_sys that I'm using to drive the pointcache custom age value, and using that behavior as a scaling factor. It exploits the behavior of GPU particles with the hN system. Its pretty useful that for cached assets without time values, incrementing the age causes the space between the points to expand.

---

## [2021-06-17 16:40] xoholo

Ive setup a basic level sequence for inspection . Putting some of what I've learned of materials to the test. When I step back into this I want to take a look a positioning noise fields, and using vector fields.
- can a vector field be placed external to the niagara system and affect it?
- can the curl noise force be positioned or localized so it doesn't affect the entire cloud at once?

---

## [2021-06-17 16:50] xoholo

looking at the ambient occlusion view of this scene w larger 1-sided particle sizes really brings back the solidity of the model. Maybe something like this is behind the various shders I've admired in Cloud Compare and Meshlab

---

## [2021-06-18 13:24] xoholo

doing some material testing with lights in the scene
Today I want to step out of explorer mode and do bulk import of the 3D scans
closing out

---

## [2021-06-18 17:40] xoholo

sspent a few hours experimenting with materials and lighting hacking around actually. pretty much what I said I wanted to avoid doing. Even so, I've refined my basic point cloud material to the limit of my understanding, which is great. I still want t5o duplicate some of the shaders I'd seen elsewehere

I'm going to regroup and start the dataprocessing for my scans

---

## [2021-06-19 14:06] xoholo

I'm looking through scans, deleting some chaff and bringing them into cloudcompare

---

## [2021-06-19 15:08] xoholo

using Meshlab to work with yoann-home_sampled_hirez, which I'd previously processed to extract a 10^6 point cloud from the ARKit mesh I captured of Yoann's place. Its kind of slow goung. feeling like I must be missing something basic. How is it I can't immediately switch to a fron/left/top orthographic view oriented to the global coordinate system? Spending a lot of time tweking that by hand.

---

## [2021-06-19 15:22] xoholo

oh there is a way to snap to standard views. Window>View From
Glad I checked, as this model is oriented improperly
Actually no - it isn't it's oriented with Z-UP

---

## [2021-06-19 16:08] xoholo

Having aligned the model, how do I make the transform stick? I tried exporting
ah... There'sFilters>Mesh Layer>Matrix:Set from translation/rotation/scale

---

## [2021-06-19 16:33] xoholo

I am really liking the effect of using the camera clipping plane to reveal successive slices of the cloud. Similar can be done with a Lidar volume for that content pipeline. I'm sure its possible w Niagara as well, although not yet certain how

---

## [2021-06-19 16:46] xoholo

screenspace ambient occlusion looks good on these clouds. I wonder how to duplicate the efect in unreal?


calculating AO using the mesh normals is taking a very long time. will probably halt. not sure if these colors are saved into the verts? Trying again. I can see its computing on the GPU, butvery slow. not practical

---

## [2021-06-19 17:22] xoholo

these clouds can be sliced up into as many sections as I want... Hadn't considered the posibility of that. Maybe will look into it a bit further?

---

## [2021-06-19 18:59] xoholo

doing some clenup and organization in the UE4 project to bring in scans

---

## [2021-06-20 01:51] xoholo

Slow going today, as I was examining the details of a larger kind of import and experimenting a bit with the data processing. Lets see if I can get a good cadence going tomorrow

---

## [2021-06-20 11:07] xoholo

Houdini is seeing bad data in this export.
yoann-home_sampled_hirez-aligned.ply

Houdini doesn't import .e57 files

renamed as loft.ply
retrying w ASCII encoding .ply with all non vertex flags in meshlab turned off

---

## [2021-06-20 11:17] His Portfolio

(someone elses profile seen somewhere as part of their profile headline/mini-bio)
Companies I’ve worked with
Automattic, WordPress
Techstars
SendGrid
NationBuilder
Joy Labs
Princeton Equity Group
Insititute for Responsible Nutrition
JumpCloud

---

## [2021-06-20 11:17] profile

(someone elses profile seen somewhere as part of their profile headline/mini-bio)
Companies I’ve worked with
Automattic, WordPress
Techstars
SendGrid
NationBuilder
Joy Labs
Princeton Equity Group
Insititute for Responsible Nutrition
JumpCloud

---

## [2021-06-20 11:18] xoholo

noticing these smallish values in the export
-2.077061 2.066123 5.255773 
-2.098372 2.067847 5.258376 
-2.07387 2.080254 5.257646 

I'm going to do an alt version scaled up in meshlab

---

## [2021-06-20 11:50] xoholo

taking a better look at the data. It does appear small in Houdini,
Houdini aslo seems to expect Y-UP instead of Z-UP

---

## [2021-06-20 18:23] xoholo

worked out soem structural details of exporting and alignment ans scale. the new7 point cloud seems much too large compared to the reference mannequin. Lets see wht the loftz pointcloud looks like upon import

---

## [2021-06-20 18:36] xoholo

the loftz asset has come in overly large I think

---

## [2021-06-20 18:44] xoholo

OK, worked out the scaling factor from Houdini (10x, not 100x)

---

## [2021-06-20 18:57] xoholo

success with the new import to be honest it looks a bit sparse. Would it be possible to reprocess this mesh and sample 2M points instead of 1M

---

## [2021-06-20 19:43] xoholo

Its definitely sparse. Will address later after further imports. I thought I'd have worked through more of these by now. But I guess there were still some unknowns that I had to work out for the efficiency

---

## [2021-06-22 11:49] His Portfolio

Interestingly, I'm going to throw together a mini-profile as a PDF doc for sending out to Greg Omi as follow up to our conversation about the UI work he approached me with. I'll summarize my notes here in a moment.

---

## [2021-06-22 11:49] profile

Interestingly, I'm going to throw together a mini-profile as a PDF doc for sending out to Greg Omi as follow up to our conversation about the UI work he approached me with. I'll summarize my notes here in a moment.

---

## [2021-06-22 12:02] xoholo

I exported scan13_4M.ply for testing in UE4 with
Houdini/Niagara workflow
Lidar import worklow

I was feeling bad yesterday that this seems to be taking so much time, but I'm learning as I go. I've never done this before, and I need space to understand. However I've mistakenly fixated on the viosual appearance in MeshLab or CloudCompare. Let me focus my attention better. Any rendering outside of UE4 is only useful for documentation, and the meshlab project file can be revisited later.

---

## [2021-06-22 15:04] His Portfolio

starting on PRO-31 mini-profile production
I'm using XD for the layout

- This profile will describe my terms of payment
- This profile will describe contractual constraints
- This profile will show listings for
- employment history
    - incorporate work from EMPIRE ?

- product
- exhibition
- talks
- workshop
    - incorporate link to IMAGEGARDEN syllabus ?

---

## [2021-06-22 15:04] profile

starting on PRO-31 mini-profile production
I'm using XD for the layout

- This profile will describe my terms of payment
- This profile will describe contractual constraints
- This profile will show listings for
- employment history
    - incorporate work from EMPIRE ?

- product
- exhibition
- talks
- workshop
    - incorporate link to IMAGEGARDEN syllabus ?

---

## [2021-06-22 16:08] His Portfolio

ah the self doubt and clevernezs
Why did I start doing science in XD instead of starting in a regular document writer,. Google Docs, for example

---

## [2021-06-22 16:08] profile

ah the self doubt and clevernezs
Why did I start doing science in XD instead of starting in a regular document writer,. Google Docs, for example

---

## [2021-06-22 19:51] His Portfolio

This took much longer than expected. Why?
It's so much less than what I thought it needed to be
I wasted time being clever, but it was an honest waste of time. I can't remeber why I thought I needed XD for this.
However, I did some good writing for my bio. Its not really at a final cut yet, but I think more engaging and also descriptive than what I had before. I also spent quality time wording the Rate section and making sure I captured the details concisely and plainly.

---

## [2021-06-22 19:51] profile

This took much longer than expected. Why?
It's so much less than what I thought it needed to be
I wasted time being clever, but it was an honest waste of time. I can't remeber why I thought I needed XD for this.
However, I did some good writing for my bio. Its not really at a final cut yet, but I think more engaging and also descriptive than what I had before. I also spent quality time wording the Rate section and making sure I captured the details concisely and plainly.

---

## [2021-06-22 23:52] xoholo

The lidar plugin import works just fine. The controls are pretty different than houdini niagara

GPU runs out of memory when trying to import the same data into Niagara.
How about if the clud was sliced up into parts, then each part was imprted seperately as a seperate houdini pointcache with a dedicated emitter, and a Niagara system was used to recombine the assets?

That's a cool technique. Was thinking about it earlier as a way of triggering animation on different parts of a cloud. 

For this scan however, I want to dive further into what the LIDAR plugin can do. I don't have to do the UE4 work right now. Best thing to do is to keep processing the data.

---

## [2021-06-23 08:59] His Portfolio

It's a good bit of writing:

I design interfaces, tools, and environments for fun

GARYBOODHOO is a Jamaican-born interaction designer, game developer, and generative artist. His creative practice spans UX/UI, AI, VR, videogames, and live experiences in mixed reality environments. He's exhibited at the Game Developers Conference, Stanford Linear Accelerator, and California Academy of Sciences, among others. Since 2018, his workshop series, Image Garden, has introduced humans to the robot uprising using hands-on experience and play.

The thing is, it's too biographical. Maybe its too much about me and not enough about YOU

---

## [2021-06-23 08:59] profile

It's a good bit of writing:

I design interfaces, tools, and environments for fun

GARYBOODHOO is a Jamaican-born interaction designer, game developer, and generative artist. His creative practice spans UX/UI, AI, VR, videogames, and live experiences in mixed reality environments. He's exhibited at the Game Developers Conference, Stanford Linear Accelerator, and California Academy of Sciences, among others. Since 2018, his workshop series, Image Garden, has introduced humans to the robot uprising using hands-on experience and play.

The thing is, it's too biographical. Maybe its too much about me and not enough about YOU

---

## [2021-06-23 10:09] His Portfolio

I'm watching the developer (Dmitry Paranyushkin) behind infranodus demo new features for InfraNodus. Hoping to gain a better understanding of the tool and get a sense of who he is. He's looking for UX support if I recall correctly?

Time-based/sequence-based features. See evolution of topics as word frequence/time. Lets you track how a conversation or a text unfolds over time

new graphs that shows influence of topics over time

I sort of understand this tool. At least in a basic way. I find that as I'm exploring texts, I'm telling myself stories. Especially about how terms appear over time. Listening to the thoughts in Dimitry's workfloww, makes me wish I could export or otherwise keep track of my insights. Why am I examining a line of inquiry? How does that map to my previous actions> Etc. I feel I did something like this when analyzing that Facebook Job posting, but it is difficult to look back at it and recreate my line of thinking. I have to solve it again if I step away from it

Another aspect of it is the question of Why do I use this tool? I feel like you already have to know about graph theory and text analysis to really understand what the possibilities are. But everyione Ive show this to thinks its fascinating and wonders how they can apply insights to their own communications: email, meeting notes, learning, collating research, etc.

I would also like to see multiple clouds in the same view for comparison (text vs text), or simply to be able to catalog and compare my insights

InfraNodus as a Service
I would love to see JIRA visualized in this way

new search functionality to generate mind maps. More like a console: This format:
[pine needles] are [dark brown]
This brings up a list of suggested next steps for further exploration
This mode is useful for generating mind maps

---

## [2021-06-23 10:09] profile

I'm watching the developer (Dmitry Paranyushkin) behind infranodus demo new features for InfraNodus. Hoping to gain a better understanding of the tool and get a sense of who he is. He's looking for UX support if I recall correctly?

Time-based/sequence-based features. See evolution of topics as word frequence/time. Lets you track how a conversation or a text unfolds over time

new graphs that shows influence of topics over time

I sort of understand this tool. At least in a basic way. I find that as I'm exploring texts, I'm telling myself stories. Especially about how terms appear over time. Listening to the thoughts in Dimitry's workfloww, makes me wish I could export or otherwise keep track of my insights. Why am I examining a line of inquiry? How does that map to my previous actions> Etc. I feel I did something like this when analyzing that Facebook Job posting, but it is difficult to look back at it and recreate my line of thinking. I have to solve it again if I step away from it

Another aspect of it is the question of Why do I use this tool? I feel like you already have to know about graph theory and text analysis to really understand what the possibilities are. But everyione Ive show this to thinks its fascinating and wonders how they can apply insights to their own communications: email, meeting notes, learning, collating research, etc.

I would also like to see multiple clouds in the same view for comparison (text vs text), or simply to be able to catalog and compare my insights

InfraNodus as a Service
I would love to see JIRA visualized in this way

new search functionality to generate mind maps. More like a console: This format:
[[pine needles]] are [[dark brown]]
This brings up a list of suggested next steps for further exploration
This mode is useful for generating mind maps

---

## [2021-06-23 11:06] xoholo

I want to take a look at how the clipping plane volume can be used on Lidar point data in UE4

---

## [2021-06-23 12:32] xoholo

Steve Pi reached out to me and mentioned that with performances running, Mondays & Tuesdays will be open to artists.

NEXT
- schedule session next Monday
- confirm w Yoann

---

## [2021-06-23 12:33] xoholo

I've exported a few more large assets
soma-bigscan_3.4M.ply
soma-bigscan_3.4M.e57
soma-bigscan_1M.e57
soma-bigscan_1M.ply
bigscantest-x.fbx

---

## [2021-06-23 15:05] xoholo

Steve Pi texted me to let me know that now the exhibition is happening at Gray Area, the space will be available to artists on Mondays & Tuesdays only. I asked him if we can set something up on Monday. He said he'll get back to me soon. If I don't hear from him today'll I'll follow up tomorrow. Looks like there's a target again for my journey

---

## [2021-06-23 15:18] xoholo

cloudwalker-1_4_5M.e57 is too small
the transforms were misaligned when bringing into the Lidar plugin
this means that the Houdini/Niagara plugin assumes a different orientation than the Lidar plugin.

My Houdini project is setup to export Y-Up, looking towards the negative Z-axis
When the Niagara system is placed in world at 0,0,0 0,0,0 it orients as
Z-Up, but I am looking towards the positive X-axis

The normalized orientation I want for each of the cloud assets is:
Z-up, 

This is the default transform and orientation I want for each of the point cloud assets. This is the front view:
Z-up, facing +X axis

Houdini assets need to be rotated 90 degrees around the Z-axis to conform to that standard


TO-DO
- conform exports for Houdini/Niagara to normalaized orientation

---

## [2021-06-23 18:43] xoholo

reprocessed cloudwalker-1_4.5M-n and it looks as expected when imported to UE4

taking a look at soma-bigscan
all of that will need to be reoriented I think

---

## [2021-06-23 20:19] xoholo

processed soma-bigscan
resampled at various vertex counts to see if I can also create a niagra system from this large area

updated Houdini project
re-exporrted new7.hbjson

---

## [2021-06-23 20:51] xoholo

holy shit this looks amazing

---

## [2021-06-24 14:40] xoholo

Having imported some scanned content with variety I have a better sense of how long it takes to move stuff into UE4. Lot of that time was spent familiarizing myself with the options, but admit to being fascinated with the various shading options and views

I have a good enough testbed to verify how this works with Camera360
FUTURE-6 · Verify panoramic workflow with Niagara point cloud assets

---

## [2021-06-24 14:42] His Portfolio

Recieved a ping from Greg Omi. He's doing some analysis and will be speaking w the CEO. Some kind words about the quality of my work. He's interested? Looks like this is in standby mode.

---

## [2021-06-24 14:42] profile

Recieved a ping from Greg Omi. He's doing some analysis and will be speaking w the CEO. Some kind words about the quality of my work. He's interested? Looks like this is in standby mode.

---

## [2021-06-24 15:00] xoholo

added Lidar clipping volume to the cloudwalker scan. Nice.

---

## [2021-06-24 15:14] xoholo

oh how interesting. The volume clips all instances of Lidar plugin point clouds. They can only be differentiated by priority

---

## [2021-06-24 16:04] xoholo

More interestingly though, reading thru the lidfar pludin docs, there are some interesting console variables
Including r.LidarIncrementalBudget, which progressively draws surfaces, as if streaming them in. 

It gives everything an "active" effect, and seems to help performance in the viewport as well, as lidar point clouds don't fully resolve until such time as they fully stream in

---

## [2021-06-24 16:26] xoholo

if I'm not mistaken, that Minimum Screen Size parameter might be the distance culling I was expecting?

---

## [2021-06-25 09:20] His Portfolio

The SSL certificate for wordpress site skinjester.com is working
Problem is, the non-secure URL skinjester.com resolves to http://www.skinjester.com

I'm stepping through some solutions, none of which I feel like doing right now, but it shouldn;t take more than an hour

You may need to redirect your HTTP traffic to your HTTPS site. For Apache, you can do so by creating two VirtualHost entries

What? How?

---

## [2021-06-25 09:20] profile

The SSL certificate for wordpress site skinjester.com is working
Problem is, the non-secure URL skinjester.com resolves to http://www.skinjester.com

I'm stepping through some solutions, none of which I feel like doing right now, but it shouldn;t take more than an hour

You may need to redirect your HTTP traffic to your HTTPS site. For Apache, you can do so by creating two VirtualHost entries

What? How?

---

## [2021-06-25 11:53] xoholo

I'm taking a closer look at the lidar point cloud settings and methods.
One thing I'm finding is that very bright values aren't so great looking unless they're an emphasis. The average luminosity needs to be at 0.5 or lower

---

## [2021-06-25 15:37] xoholo

There are a number of variables to consider for the character of various point cloud renderings
the opacity mask on a particle
the luminance of the material on a particle
particle size

How to implement world space textures on lidar clouds or niagara particles?

---

## [2021-06-25 18:11] His Portfolio

I've logged into the webhosting control panel to look around

First thing I see is that the SQL database w my wordpress content is alerting me that SSL isn't being used

Server: mariadb-020.wc1 via TCP/IP
Server type: MariaDB
Server connection: SSL is not being used Documentation
Server version: 10.1.41-MariaDB-0+deb10u2 - Debian 10
Protocol version: 10
User: 437254_gboodhoo@10.40.200.98
Server charset: cp1252 West European (latin1)

---

## [2021-06-25 18:11] profile

I've logged into the webhosting control panel to look around

First thing I see is that the SQL database w my wordpress content is alerting me that SSL isn't being used

Server: mariadb-020.wc1 via TCP/IP
Server type: MariaDB
Server connection: SSL is not being used Documentation
Server version: 10.1.41-MariaDB-0+deb10u2 - Debian 10
Protocol version: 10
User: 437254_gboodhoo@10.40.200.98
Server charset: cp1252 West European (latin1)

---

## [2021-06-25 18:20] His Portfolio

There's a plugin that handle wordpress migration, but it points out some interesting details about needing to change (hardcoded) http:// references in CSS, JS and PHP

I think that's more work than I'm willing to do right now
Laughing Squid offers a migration plan to secure web hosting. I should look into that if I want to take this to completeion.

For the moment, I'm pleased to see that the https:// prefix works
however the http:// prefix also works.

---

## [2021-06-25 18:20] profile

There's a plugin that handle wordpress migration, but it points out some interesting details about needing to change (hardcoded) http:// references in CSS, JS and PHP

I think that's more work than I'm willing to do right now
Laughing Squid offers a migration plan to secure web hosting. I should look into that if I want to take this to completeion.

For the moment, I'm pleased to see that the https:// prefix works
however the http:// prefix also works.

---

## [2021-06-25 19:04] xoholo

I've succeeded in a small way in applying worldspace textures to the point cloud. From ideas here

---

## [2021-06-25 19:14] xoholo

oh here's something interesting M_LidarPointMath material test

---

## [2021-06-26 11:01] xoholo

taking a look at how multiple lidar clipping volumes affect the point cloud.
taking a look at how blueprint work with the lidar plugin

---

## [2021-06-26 11:31] xoholo

demonstrated ability to address a pointcloud in the level and change the point size. left the code in the level blueprint for later reference.
 brief description of the blueprint interface here
 https://docs.unrealengine.com/4.26/en-US/BlueprintAPI/LidarPointCloud/

---

## [2021-06-26 12:09] xoholo

taking a quick look a UE4 tutorial on Material World position

---

## [2021-06-26 13:19] xoholo

A little bit of knowledge goes a long way. I have a very complicated material in effect right now that is appplying a texture to the point cloud in worldspace. I've had success applying a flipbook as that texture as well, and at the same time, using the world position offset to animate a sine wave through the texture, causing the point cloud to move rhythmically. Its sort of amazing actually. I also tweaked the lighting of the scene by adding another postfx volume., specifically for color grading. And... finally, exaggerated the screenspace ambient occlussion to provide better depth.

The scenario I've been working thru this morning is a "fat pixel" approach. Everything is very chunky, and satisfying

---

## [2021-06-26 13:36] xoholo

SO MANY PARAMETERS
getting some nice results with whatever this material is, by incorporating masking

---

## [2021-06-26 16:24] xoholo

discovered method to have masked points dissolve when camera passes through cloud using Pixel Depth input

---

## [2021-06-26 17:24] xoholo

I can't even believe how cool this material, and the techniques I learned have turned out. What I'm seeing looks so organic, structured and chunky and organic at once.

---

## [2021-06-27 14:34] xoholo

I finished the World Coordinate tutorial and learned a method for applying a texture in worldspace to X,Y,Z axes. Previously I'd looked at the (simpler) usecase that returned X,Y, X,Z, Y,Z
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aYe54XrZYI&ab_channel=MathewWadstein

---

## [2021-06-27 16:00] xoholo

the worldspace mapping method for objexts works fine, but the material doesn't seem to translate to the lidar point cloud planes. May have to do with the nature of these particles - they're always facing the camera

---

## [2021-06-27 22:02] xoholo

The DOF example provided in the camera 360 tutorial isn't working. I've sent email to the developer for further instruction. I see that UE4.27 preview2 is available, and I'm downloading it in the background. 

Apparently some improvements to pixel streaming - a cloud based solution?

Share all of your progress with anyone, anywhere via the cloud with production-ready Pixel Streaming.

LiDAR Point Cloud Plugin Improvements. Unreal Engine 4.27 brings several enhancements to the LiDAR Point Cloud plugin that improve the import and manipulation of point cloud data.

    Better Point Size Algorithm. The scalable algorithm has also been improved and a fixed point mode has been added. This new mode can be especially useful when working with a noisy asset.

    Improved Performance and Stability. Several improvements to the processing and streaming of the point cloud data have significantly improved performance for the end user.

    Improved Save/Load Performance. The serializer and streaming mechanic has been significantly improved.

    Simple Gap Filling. Points are enlarged and rendered using a new technique that minimizes visible overlap.

    Disable Frustum Culling. It is now possible to disable Frustum Culling which can help with the data stream delay when shooting cinematics.

    New Selection Methods. New Polygonal, Lasso, and Paint selection methods have been added.

---

## [2021-06-27 22:47] xoholo

no problems w cam360 demo scene at 1920 x1080

---

## [2021-06-27 23:41] xoholo

some apparent issues with lidar point cloud and camera 360. I wasn't seeing all or many of the points in the panoramic view and was unsure why. There's no good reason for it, but adjusting the perspective view seems like it may have resolved the issue? All I did was rotate the scene until it all resolved correctly. This also works with whatever camera is displayed by the viewport. I don't know why there'd be any relationship there at all. However the output I'm seeing in the Camera_rec_360 view appears valid. Seeing how this renders. I've reset the scen so that the main camera is travelling on a rail, and the camera_point_360 object is attached to it

---

## [2021-06-27 23:49] xoholo

A quick rendering test reveals what looks to be questionable output
GPU memory usage is 21.6/24.0 GB
5hr render time for 1800 frames

I don't understand the output I'm seeing. What can I do?
If there's a way to disable the LOD system, that might help
UE4.27 seems like it has greater flexibility with this

The problem might be that the particles are all trying to face the camera, which may be indeterminate now. What if they orient to the point normals instead?

---

## [2021-06-28 00:23] xoholo

I've included a lidar pointcloud volume to maybe restrict the number of points to display. The output still looks bad. No apparent difference. However I'm rendering locally and GPU usage has dropped to
4.3/24.0 GB. Rendering times (at 1920 x 1080) are much more reasonable with 1800 frames estimated at 6min

---

## [2021-06-28 00:25] xoholo

Both pointclouds were setup to face normal. I've change dthem both to prefer facing camera/point shape square

---

## [2021-06-28 00:31] xoholo

The thing is - I'm seeing a correct view in the viewport pictur ein picture. The renderer is where things go wrong. I've switched to 360 Mono projection (1 camera) variant to see if this makes a difference

---

## [2021-06-28 01:12] xoholo

Oh here we go... After hacking around I changed the project setting for Node Grid Resolution. Shifted it up from 96 to 4096. Now I'm getting the expected results. At 1920 x 1080. What about at a higher resolution?

---

## [2021-06-28 01:17] xoholo

output at 12800x6400 looks good. Need to see it in After Effects to evaluate further. I think I'm winning?

---

## [2021-06-28 01:25] xoholo

looking at the output, its possible that the camera isn't moving.

---

## [2021-06-28 01:30] xoholo

I kicked off another render to inspect in the am.

GPU 15.7/24.0 GB
ETA 4h

its likely that the camera isn't moving, but at least I'm seeing the point cloud

(the camera was moving after all - the renderings worked out ok)

---

## [2021-06-28 12:44] xoholo

FUTURE-36
I'm setting up the UE4 project on LOCUTUS
I'm debating whether to use the NAS as a shared folder, or make a copy of the project for transfer to LOCUTUS. If the network speed feels ok to work with, I'll use the NAS as a shared folder. I'm just not sure how UE4 will react to assets changing. Would be a great time to enable multi-user support. I'm curious to see how much of a difference it would make.

Each computer that you want to connect to the same Multi-User Editing session needs to have the same version of Unreal Engine installed.

Each computer also needs to have a copy of the same Unreal Engine Project, each with exactly the same content.
- which means copying the project file from ONYX to LOCUTUS
- The typical way to achieve this is to store your Project in a version control system such as Perforce, Git, or Subversion, and to sync every computer to the same revision or changelist.
- The Multi-User Editing system doesn't absolutely require you to use source control. You could simply copy your Project folder from one computer to all the other computers that you want to join the same session. You may find this useful for initial testing of the Multi-User Editing system. However, avoid relying on this approach. Using version control effectively within your team is the safest way to maintain and share your Project content.

---

## [2021-06-28 12:56] xoholo

For the moment though, I'll create duplicates of the maps & sequences I'm working with, so that each machine's changes remain independent. I can copy/past into these as needed.

---

## [2021-06-28 13:19] xoholo

doing some project cleanup and setup for usage w 2 machines

---

## [2021-06-28 15:53] xoholo

maybe I had it all backwards last night? The project settings for lidar plugin content need to be low values, not high ones.

---

## [2021-06-28 16:02] xoholo

I'm doing a 1920 x 1080 test for the updated project settings

---

## [2021-06-28 16:51] xoholo

Project Settings -> Plugins -> Lidar Point Cloud
Octree
    Duplicate handling:  ignore
    Max Distance for Duplicate: 0.0001
    Max Bucket Size:    (200)
    Node Grid Resolution: (96)

Performance
    Multithreading Insertion Batch Size:    (500000)
    Use Async Import:   (TRUE)
    Prioritize Active Viewport: (TRUE)
    Cached Node Lifetime:   (5.0)

IO
    Use Compression:    (TRUE)


r.HLOD 0
r.LidarPointBudget 10000000
r.LidarBaseLODImportance 0.1
r.LidarIncrementalBudget 0
r.LidarScreenCenterImportance 0

---

## [2021-06-28 17:08] xoholo

I've also turned off the HLOD system in World Settings
ok the output from the CineCameraActor1 is clean (was this setting what I was looking for all along??? 

Current data for soma-bigscan_3.4M is:
node count: 1597
data size: 53MB

I reimported the data to be certain, and yeah - those are the values for the plugin defult project settings

---

## [2021-06-28 23:44] xoholo

I've constructed these animations for demo:
lidar-pointcloud-review-ONYX
lidar-color-y

soon:
cloudwalker
scan-preview-sandbox

next:
verify hirez rendering on ONYX for
- lidar-pointcloud-review-ONYX
- lidar-color-y

transfer project to LOCUTUS

verify hirez rendering on LOCUTUS for
- lidar-pointcloud-review-ONYX
- lidar-color-y

---

## [2021-06-28 23:45] xoholo

The Lidar point cloud Rendering section contains a parameter called Bounds Scale. I've had some success (cleaner rendering) when this is larger than 1

---

## [2021-06-29 00:49] xoholo

cleaned up 1500 frame loop for lidar-color0y
it looks amazing


STATUS
- lidar-color-y
    + default
    + fog

---

## [2021-06-29 01:12] xoholo

ONYX: lidar-color-y at 2160x1080 looks good

---

## [2021-06-29 01:18] xoholo

ONYX / lidar-color-y / color-y / Panoramic-12800x6400
rendering time for 1500 frames:
2:45:00

---

## [2021-06-29 01:43] xoholo

I've copied the project to LOCUTUS
rendering lidar-color-y
    + default
    + fog

saving the output to ONYX desktop

LOCUTUS / lidar-color-y / color-y / Panoramic-12800x6400
rendering time for 1500 frames:
7h

---

## [2021-06-29 01:54] xoholo

output from LOCUTUS looks good.
should be done by 9a

---

## [2021-06-29 02:28] xoholo

I'm taking a look at the lidar-pointcloud-review renderings completed yesterday in After Effects

The plan is to get those renders processed to the cinechamber format 

Tomorrow am, I'll render out a Niagara sequence. Hopefully no surprises and a quick render

I should be able to get everything processed in After Effects in an hour

by 10:30a I hope to start packaging up the material I'll bring to Gray Area

---

## [2021-06-29 02:58] xoholo

Render Garden is so great. Very satisfying to see it working so hard, and so conveniently.

---

## [2021-06-29 03:01] xoholo

When the AFter Effecs job finished I'm going to kick off
lidar-color-y
    + fog

That way I should have both of them available in the am

---

## [2021-06-29 03:17] xoholo

That After Effects job is taking a while
4/10 of the v2 sequence complete
0/10 of the v4 sequence complete

at 5 min/screen it will taka about 1.5h for the AE job to complete. Perhaps I can kick off the UE4 render when I wake up in a few hours

Great work today. You got a lot done.

---

## [2021-06-29 09:01] xoholo

LOCUTUS / lidar-color-y / default should be completed in 30m

I started LOCUTUS / lidar-color-y / fog on ONYX but am surprised to see the ETA of 10:31:00. Regrettably this version won't travel w me.

---

## [2021-06-29 10:12] xoholo

collating files from LOCUTUS/lidar-color-y.color-y.v001[1497]

LOCUTUS did an amazing job with this rendering. I watched each of its systems working right at the limits of their capacity. Especially system RAM. It must have been paging from SWAP at a high frequency. Very proud of this machine. I was 50% certain the render would crash overnight, I find myself wondering how to upgrade and maintain LOCUTUS
- could the RAM be upgraded to 64GB?
- could the RAM be upgraded to a faster configuration?
- fan replacement?
- could the CPU be upgraded?

---

## [2021-06-29 10:15] His Portfolio

Greg Omi responded positively. It looks like that project is a go. I'll need to get more information before I can make the estimates he's requesting. Perhaps we can work in JIRA together? I will respond to him later this afternoon

---

## [2021-06-29 10:15] profile

Greg Omi responded positively. It looks like that project is a go. I'll need to get more information before I can make the estimates he's requesting. Perhaps we can work in JIRA together? I will respond to him later this afternoon

---

## [2021-06-29 10:45] xoholo

FUTURE-38 package video assets for transfer to cinechamber
processing lidar-color-y.color-y.v001[1497]to format
I'm going to get a Flash drive set up, and take a look at what may already be on there from last demo

---

## [2021-06-29 11:02] xoholo

Messaged Steve that I'm running late will meet at 1230
Departing here in 1h

---

## [2021-06-29 11:14] xoholo

Ah, neglected to double check the paths of the AE render. For a moment was concerned some material didn't render. Is all good.

---

## [2021-06-29 11:40] xoholo

AE processing is completed. taking a look at previous demo transfers

---

## [2021-06-29 12:18] xoholo

revised ETA at Gray Area is 1p, spoke w Steve

External Hard Drive:BLACK is ready
copying to Flash Drive:Samsung USB
- ah that only has the animatic stuff. what about the other Flash Drive?
- ah damn it. that has Ubuntu on it

---

## [2021-06-29 12:22] xoholo

copying BLACK -> Samsung USB
eta: 3m

---

## [2021-06-29 12:30] xoholo

heading to Gray Area
- be sure to capture 3D ARkit mesh of the environment
- dont rush

---

## [2021-06-30 12:00] xoholo

So I did forget to make a 3D scan, but plan to return next week and subsequently. It would be pretty great to show cinechamber on cinechamber.

I'm very happy with the consistency, clarity and scope of what I documented yesterday. Even As I was there I realized that I still hadn't seen the work because I was so focused on capturing it. Think about that.

I want to do some audio focused sessions. Hilariously sent Naut a casual stream of consciousness text intended for Yoann. I'd like us to get together for an audio-focused worksession

I want to ask Steve how the Touchdesigner XML config can be applied to the audio setup at Gray Area.

    <module name="lidar-v2" path="D:/modules/FutureWorld">
        <effects>
            <effect name="delay" frames="0" direction="0"/>
            <effect name="scale" scaleX="0" scaleY="0"/>
        </effects>
        <screen number="1" file="../lidar-v2_screen-05_H264.mp4"/>
        <screen number="2" file="../lidar-v2_screen-06_H264.mp4"/>
        <screen number="3" file="../lidar-v2_screen-07_H264.mp4"/>
        <screen number="4" file="../lidar-v2_screen-08_H264.mp4"/>
        <screen number="5" file="../lidar-v2_screen-09_H264.mp4"/>
        <screen number="6" file="../lidar-v2_screen-10_H264.mp4"/>
        <screen number="7" file="../lidar-v2_screen-01_H264.mp4"/>
        <screen number="8" file="../lidar-v2_screen-02_H264.mp4"/>
        <screen number="9" file="../lidar-v2_screen-03_H264.mp4"/>
        <screen number="10" file="../lidar-v2_screen-04_H264.mp4"/>
        <audio channels="2" file="../ApollointheClouds2.wav" preset="51"/>
    </module>

What are the possible values of the audio channel block?

---

## [2021-06-30 17:46] xoholo

rolling back to an older driver
constant corruption of dropdown menus, where the content just disappears
apparently this resolves?

---

