# Raw Entries for February 2021

**Total Entries:** 13
**Projects:** OPS

---

## [2021-02-21 11:14] OPS

Setting up Synology to backup to Backblaze B2 bucket
I've successfully backed up the NAS using CloudSync, but I want to compare this operation to HyperBackup, which is a more standard incremental backup solution. The only drawback being that you must also use HyperBackup to recover data (or so I understand)

---

## [2021-02-21 11:22] OPS

I've successfully SSH'd into the NAS and have a BASH prompt
I am able to view the filesystem, as well as my stored files

---

## [2021-02-21 11:35] OPS

I've manually stopped the Synology Drive Server and Universal Search services.
Not sure what the long term inpact of this is, but drive/volume utilization have dropped t0-1% which is what I expected, as its not clear why there was processing going on there at all.

Cautiously optimistic.
Can I still access the NAS from this machine? YES
In fact access to the filesystm is MUCH faster, more in line with what I'd expected

Can I still sync this machine to the NAS?
Starting Backup to ARCHIVE sync operation now on ONYX

---

## [2021-02-21 14:33] OPS

need to generate a new master application key because I didn't make note of the old one?

Success! Your new application key has been created.
keyID: e443354c1db9
keyName: Master Application Key
applicationKey: 000b7e148d9f73a0a5060a38e22f09e6b01a21b4eb

keyID: 000e443354c1db90000000004
keyName: hyperbackup
applicationKey: K000HlEbFvdtYIKm7szXp1++Rg+RyIQ

---

## [2021-02-21 15:06] OPS

started backup operation for the entire drive

---

## [2021-02-21 16:22] OPS

at average rate of 30GB/h, the initial backup of the NAS (1.96TB used) will take 2.7 days. As I understand it, subsequent backup are differential block level (rather than file level) backsups and can be expected to run at a more practical rate

recovering the data should take as long as the initial write. As I understand it, this must be done through Hyperbackup (?) Backblaze offers a dervice to send a hard drive with the data on it (?)

---

## [2021-02-24 10:35] OPS

I successfully lubed and replaced the stabilizers on the Mode80. It sounds and feels fantastic. Everything went well and I'd tried out a different set of keycaps. Again, every thing was fine. Then I changed out the keycaps again, and all of a sidden I'm getting spurious behavior from the keyboard.

At first, it seemed to be completely disabled. Bry prfessing L-SHIFY/R-SHIFT/CTRL at the same time - that did... something, and the keyboard seemed to be providing input. But it was acting strangely. Tracing the problem down further. Its an issue with the left CTRL key. It behaves like its beingheld down. Sometime as if its being toiggled. Things can be done, and it can seem like its working, then all of a sudden will stop.

Monitoring the inputs using Windows On-Screen Keyboard and Via, I see the left CTRL key "flickering" between on and off, or sometimes just not working at all. I haven't fully tested it, but doubtthat its an issue specifc to ONYX-WIN10

Other keyboards don't exhibit this behavior. I'm using the Alt at the moment

NEXT
- observe behavior on LOCUTUS-WIN10
- observe behavior on ONYX-WIN10

research
- MODE Dischord server
    + if my issue isn't found, post a question describing the problem

- uninstall keyboard driver, shut down and power cycle ONYX before rebooting
    + plug in the ALT for input to get past bootloader, then unplug 

Have i inadvertently entered some sort of hardware state on the PCB itself, perhaps by inadvertently holding down dome keys while swapping out keycaps?
- what does hardware reset from PCB on keyboard do?
- what does QMK reset do?

Open up the keyboard
- visually inspect PCB at position of left CTRL key. ANything?
- test the switch contacts on the board using VIA to register inputs. Is there a signal?

I ordered a replacement PCB. Fortunately pretty inexpensive. If nothing above works, will replace the hardware.

---

## [2021-02-24 11:51] OPS

reading through the MODE dischord server, a couple of people report the same issue. In at least one case, the issue was a screw near that particular switch touching the circuit board.

---

## [2021-02-24 11:52] OPS

The hyperbackup process continues to ru n. It's at 77% with about 800GB left to go. I expect this to be completed by Sunday. As I understand it, this initial backup is the initial hurdle. Subsequent backups will be incremental at the block level.

---

## [2021-02-24 14:11] OPS

I believe I found the promblem with the Mode80. There is a screw slot tightly placed on the PCB between the CTRL key and another. It looks like screwing it in all the way was causing intermittent contact between surfaces. I just tested the disassembled gear and everything seems fine :)

The ALT keyboard has been a good backup for this, and I still like the way it looks wouild be a great idea to replace the stabilizers. Perhaps later today or this weekend. I am also curious about packing strips of foam inside to reduce the resonance a bit. There's a noticeably hollow sound that I think can be made better!

---

## [2021-02-24 14:59] OPS

I've used VIA to setup an initial keymap for the MODE80
FN + 1: opens file manager to view This PC
FN + 2: opens Windows Mail
FN + 3: opens Edge Browser
SCROLL LOCK: Previous Track
PAUSE BREAK: Next Track
PRINT: Play/Stop 
R-CTRL: Print Screen (captures fullscreen to clipboard)

---

## [2021-02-25 13:23] OPS

NAS backup operation completed.
I did a quick test of doing another (incremental) backup afterwards, which only took a few minutes to cmplete. I also completed the CloudSync operation I'd paused, which also took only a few minutes.

The Sync and the Backup operation use 2 different Backblaze B2 buckets. I need to think about the relative merits and extended use cases around how each of these work.

---

## [2021-02-25 14:00] OPS

running into a repeated issue, with minimum consequence for my current situation, but potential confusin overall. Where do these project journals exist?
- If they exist where you'd expect, along with the project, then there can be multiple unique journals on each machine, only one of which will be the last one synced to the NAS after daily archival operations. Entries on other machines won't get archived, but even - worse - the older version might end p on the NAS as the result of a later sync, where it happened to be the last version written.

- that means the journal files shouldn't exist on local machines, but on a network share. That material won't get backed up by a local machine, but will get backed up when the NAS gets backed up.
    + What bothers me is that there are only 2 copies of the material - locally on the NAS filesystem, and in the cloud backup
- still, i think this method of working with project journaling from the NAS and excluding the journal text files from any local machine is the best option here.

---

