# Raw Entries for July 2021

**Total Entries:** 164
**Projects:** His Portfolio, OPS, iveda, profile, xoholo

---

## [2021-07-01 02:24] xoholo

rolling back the driver was the solution

---

## [2021-07-01 02:24] xoholo

spent quality time working with a niagara sequence. Reorganized project as layers. Doesn't look like there are any issues w panoramic rendering. Running a render now. testing antialiasing strategies as well, as I felt the output last time was a bit soft.

---

## [2021-07-01 02:32] xoholo

initial attempt rendered black screen. Perhaps the gPU particles need to warm up first?

---

## [2021-07-01 02:33] xoholo

2nd attempt is producing black frames. will debug in the morning

---

## [2021-07-01 16:37] xoholo

It took me a while to get back to something of the quality I reached last night. Lost those edits as the project wasn't archived. I'm explicitly doing so now and will return to this a bit later. Still want to know what's happening with the rendering

---

## [2021-07-01 22:32] xoholo

OK, now its happening. Theblack frames previously seen may have been "warmup" frames requested by the GPU. Have noticed that the actual render doesn't start until frame 24 or so

---

## [2021-07-01 22:42] xoholo

kicked off a hi-rez rendering w 32 spatial sammples for antialiasing
I'm guessing there are command line options that might serve my needs better. The rendertime has become lengthy with these settings. Will let it run overnight though.

ETA 12:45h

---

## [2021-07-02 11:27] His Portfolio

https://iveda.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=4&projectKey=IV&assignee=557058%3A89f6f6a5-1b17-4fda-b109-c664c85bec7f

---

## [2021-07-02 11:27] profile

https://iveda.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=4&projectKey=IV&assignee=557058%3A89f6f6a5-1b17-4fda-b109-c664c85bec7f

---

## [2021-07-02 14:56] xoholo

sooo. that rendering sucked. Black frames. I am not sure why. Maybe related to image resolution? The low res test I did yesterday worked. Let me double check that however.

---

## [2021-07-02 15:04] xoholo

transferring the material I captured earlier this week to the project archive. I'd played around with this on AppleYV. The photostreaming functionality sort of sucks. Looks like everything has been resampled and compressed. Is this a setting to "save Space" that I can turn off? I was adjusting the TV tring to make the best of the image quality. Then I tried streaming it thru airplay, and was surprised by how much better it looked. More or less the way I saw it on my phone. Naturally, I am curious to examine what was "really" captured on my workstation.

---

## [2021-07-02 15:31] xoholo

There's a different workflow for importing iphone 4K HDR Dolbyvision. Installing Premiere to see for myself.

---

## [2021-07-02 16:03] xoholo

the image quality is significantly better in Premioere
also I can playback the footage in realtime, where after effects wants me to playback a rendered cache
I'm doing a test rendering for import into after effects to see if there'es a difference. The goal is to copnverty it from HDR to SDR

---

## [2021-07-02 16:17] xoholo

export is through media encoder. Running a test now and stepping back into UE4

---

## [2021-07-02 16:59] xoholo

I'm not really seeing a difference in After Effects. Once the colorspace is converted in Premiere it looks exactly like an import of the file into After Effects, which I'd do by default. It definitely looks better in Premiere as the color space has been designed for it, and the additional benefit is realtime playback (among others)

---

## [2021-07-03 09:31] xoholo

Successful rendering from Niagara ssystem at last. Not sure what made the difference however. Evolved and hacked my way to a truly weird emitter program that incorporates camera position for... something.. and somehow managees to feedback on itself. That's what I rendered out and I'm super interested to see how it works spatially. Due to the feedback loop, its not especially performant and slowed ONYX to a crawl as it tried computing in realtime.

---

## [2021-07-03 12:47] xoholo

revisiting the cinechamber project for the first time is interesting
There's a sandbox I made with weird multiple placements of yoann3 point clouds.
My demo work hasn't really explored this possibility yet
I'm integrating last night's [exoholo-loft-v015] render for previewing

---

## [2021-07-03 13:12] xoholo

some problem w cinechamber import. Traced it down to the source files? or so it seems. I'm getting a message that the assets I added are invalid?

---

## [2021-07-03 13:16] xoholo

as. its working. bad path name
this video looks great. wow

---

## [2021-07-03 15:47] xoholo

Some interesting experiments with mapping different movies to different screens. creating fragmentary cohesive spaces instead of a single one. super interesting. The sequencing could be done with After Effects

---

## [2021-07-03 15:48] xoholo

I'm going to take a look at the wintermute scen on LOCUTUS
I want to get the network addressing matter worked out:

ONYX:

LOCUTUS is shareing its local D:\Users\Gary with me:
I've mapped that share to X:


\\LOCUTUS\G

---

## [2021-07-03 21:10] xoholo

taking a closer look at getting file sharing working right

---

## [2021-07-04 01:08] xoholo

I was able to solve filesharing issues
rendering out an earlier variation of exoholo-loft. 
examining effect of temporal sampling
increased cam360 outputsize from 6000 to 8000
ETA 6h

---

## [2021-07-05 15:42] xoholo

I considered contacting Steve Pi and seeing if I could access the cinechamber space to review some output, but (a) I wasn't prolific this week, and (b) I need to do some planning for a commercial UX project tomorrow.

What is the nature and desired outcome at the get together at Gray Area on Wednesday?
- I mentioned to Yoann, we're both going
- I am prepared to show existing work
- preparing new work for presentation isn't a goal this week

WHAT DO I WANT FROM THIS EXPERIENCE?

I want to look at longer, "causal sequences". The various dissolving pointclouds are great, but I also want the chance to navigate thru the space and THEN something happens. I came across a good reference for keyframing Niagara parameters w Sequencer

I want to adopt better practices for my workflow
- file naming conventions
- version control
- multiuser workspace

---

## [2021-07-05 16:01] xoholo

The last version of exoholo-loft is difficult to distinguish from the other version:

Yesterday
exoholo-loft.exoholo-loft-1.v001.0000.png

Last week
exoholo-loft.exoholo-loft-1.v015.0000.png

Get in the habit of naming level sequences uniquely
Think about what the After Effcts builder project is called. I've been using the generic term "session-n" which is maybe ok? It becomes hard distinguishing between them. For the work I've done already, names like this would be better:

FACTORY
SOMA
LOFT
WINTERMUTE

Think about how you'd enter this information in Jira. SHould you be entering this material into Jira? No. Not now. Version control is the better mode

---

## [2021-07-05 17:32] xoholo

exoholo-loft-v016 demonstrates offsetting and compositing copies of a single panoramic rendering together so that environment is "anchored" to the space on two different screens

---

## [2021-07-06 11:31] xoholo

FUTURE-43 visual stories EXOHOLO
I've created a baseline map/level sequence for reviewing scans
It's setup for the loftz_1M scan, but no reason it cant be used generally
I've also setup a Niagara emitter inside the loftz system as a baseline representation of the point cloud data. Meaning thatg it's static and persistent for any duration. 

I remain uncertain about version control but am setting up a test project on LOCUTUS to understand how Perforce works. Seems like Unreal Game Sync is a front end for perforce. Much of its functionality comes from making builds and even building the engine from source.

My iwn needs are really just version history. is UGS overkill for that, does it matter? How does P4 sork if you're not using UGS

---

## [2021-07-06 11:36] His Portfolio

I'll be doing some project scoping with the material Greg sent me. I'm overthinking it without even reading through it once. Let's start there. Just read it.

---

## [2021-07-06 11:36] profile

I'll be doing some project scoping with the material Greg sent me. I'm overthinking it without even reading through it once. Let's start there. Just read it.

---

## [2021-07-06 16:16] xoholo

Fantastic, I'm logged into the LOCUTUS P4 Server on ONYX. Needed to add P4 server to the list of firewall exceptions

---

## [2021-07-06 16:56] iveda

Greg has itemized a number of design tasks that I'm now looking through

Here’s my first stab at what we need for IvedaPinPoint.
- Could you look at it as well as the screen shots I sent you and let me know if I missed anything.
- Also see if you can give me an estimate of how long it will take to complete this.
- We’ll need 2 skins, one for Iveda and one for Clara.
- It might be nice to have some movement or animation in your designs when appropriate (title screen, transitions between modes).


Did Greg miss anything? I guess he's talking about the enumerated list of screenshots as reference? Let me see if I can go through them and correlate them with the line items he provided.

Title / login
    If has signup needs (pre)approval from admin
    Prompts notification permissions
    Prompts location permissions

Notification Design
    Push Notification Look
    Settable frequency (per role)
    Settable alert levels (per role)

Notification feed
    Filter by Alert Level
    Filter by device type
    Filter by location
    Filter by idle time (last moved, might indicate if in use)
    Ability to mark certain alerts as resolved
    Mostly for out of bounds alerts
    We can do this automatically via location

Search for devices
    Ability to filter by device type (string?, list?)
    Sort by distance
    Sort by idle time (last moved, might indicate if in use)
    Click through to map

Map
    Shows location of device / devices
    Filter by device
    Shows idle time (last moved, might indicate if in use)

Reports
    Reports base on level / role
        Overall reports at users level
        Ability to dig down to each region / branch based on user level 
    Types of reports
        Show device location patterns
            Idle times tied to location
        Show query types and frequency
        Show Alert resolution times

Admin
    Ability to create roles
        Set what features user has access to
        Set which alerts / notifications  are visible
    Ability to set Alert Levels per role
    Ability to add / approve users
    Ability to upload maps and set base locations

[MENU]

---

## [2021-07-06 18:41] iveda

I've transferred this information to a mindmap so I can see it all at once. I'll post this map to:
- Slack
- Confluence Blog (?)



Tomorrow, I'll use this map to generate JIRA Stories and Sub-Tasks
- Is that the best use of my time?
    + its visible
    + its tangible
    + its countable

---

## [2021-07-06 18:46] iveda

Greg's 2nd post

Skins
- Iveda Cerebro (company livery)
- Claro (client livery)

Localization (selectable)
    - English EN-US
    - Spanish ES-MX
    - Future spoken language support

---

## [2021-07-06 19:33] iveda

greg's recent addition

Notification switch
Turn on / off notifications automatically based on schedule
Turn on notifications automatically when arriving at work
Turn on / off notifications manually

---

## [2021-07-07 09:14] iveda

I took a look at the Clustered mind map I'm building and examined it in a more presentable(?) format. Vertically scrollable. The generated outline view is also qquite nice.
What am I going to do with these maps and outlines? They're just my analysis. There's a month or more of work here depending on cadence and responsiveness.

Are there milestones?
Are there reviews?


I don't need to be thinking so far ahead. For me, this information is a Statement of Work. This morning, I can help Greg by capturing this inforrmation in Jira and making estimates. I don't need to finish the mind map to start that.

---

## [2021-07-07 10:18] iveda

I've completed the clustered mind map

---

## [2021-07-07 11:05] iveda

Completed & cleaned up maps
Generated markdown from the outline
Generated PDF
Posted to Confluence
Posted to Slack

NEXT
Make this material actionable by adding it to Jira as Tasks/Sub-Tasks

---

## [2021-07-07 11:20] iveda

OK, I've started working in Jira. Lets see how much intel I can add

---

## [2021-07-07 12:11] iveda

initial feedback from Greg on Slack is quite positive

---

## [2021-07-07 15:37] iveda

I've been adding stories and tasks to Jira pretty effectively. Practically I think. They're phrased in terms of outcomes or deliverables. On their own I can make plausible estimations. It looks like more than 1 month of work at a glance. That is perhaps dependent on how much UX they want, and how resourceful they want to be.

I've spent a number of hours on this today and am feeling weird about it now. I'll wrap up for today

---

## [2021-07-07 15:47] iveda

NEXT
- create subtasks for MENU story
- estimate sub tasks
- Collate estimates per story
    - is it possible to generate a report in Jira from those estimates?
        + don't spend much time finding out
- communicate my findings to Greg

---

## [2021-07-07 16:29] xoholo

I'll try something Practical with Perforce
move the Winter project on LOCUTUS to D;\Users\Gary\Unreal
setup UE4 to use Perforce for Source Control
create a new workspace: EXOHOLO
add the Winter project to source control
inspect outcome in UE4 locally
activate Unreal Game Sync

---

## [2021-07-07 17:47] xoholo

There's some intrigue around setting up locations for different kinds of data. Its actually optimal if each of these is on a seperate directly attached drive (internal or external).

Metadata
Journal
Versioned

Backing up has some requirements as well:
Helix Server backs up its metadata in files called checkpoints.

Backup all checkpoints, journal files and versioned files regularly
Do not backup metadata files directly. Doing so may "lock" the files which can interfere w regular Helix server operation

---

## [2021-07-07 18:57] xoholo

I've screwed something up with the way I removed Ubuntu from that spare 240GB SSD Drive. The machine restarts with a GRUB prompt leading nowhere. How do I remove GRUB entirely and boot directly into Windows?

---

## [2021-07-07 19:06] xoholo

I'm back in Windows on LOCUTUS. Needed to change BIOS settings
However the changes I made to Environment variables have made it so I can't log into the Helix Server. I think it will be quickest to uninstall and restart this process

---

## [2021-07-07 19:21] xoholo

Reinstalling.

Server
1666

Username:
Admin

---

## [2021-07-07 19:36] xoholo

installed Helix Server. It's running

---

## [2021-07-07 23:54] xoholo

after some effort, I'm no further along but can at least identify the problem I'm having. I can't seem to get the p4 database and depot
- stored on the same drive at G
- stored seperately
    + database on C
    + depot on G

I have a feeling this will look clearer in the morning

---

## [2021-07-08 10:09] iveda

adding subtasks to menu story

---

## [2021-07-08 11:17] iveda

I've added and described subtasks to the MENU story
I'm realizing that the ADMINISTRATION and REPORTING features are their own stories, so let me rearrange that

---

## [2021-07-08 11:44] iveda

That looks better. I also updated the clustered mind map I used as reference

---

## [2021-07-08 12:35] iveda

Spent time looking thru Jira sto see how to report estimates by story. Came across a reasonable solution as a saved Filter

---

## [2021-07-08 13:26] xoholo

After some reading, it may be possible to use symlinks to map one drive to another. Everything could install in the default location, but the depot files could be symlinked to a destination on G:

Or I could just install Perforce to G: instead?

---

## [2021-07-08 13:55] iveda

back from lunch break, continuing task estimation. I'd like to wrap this up the next 30m

---

## [2021-07-08 15:24] iveda

I've completed the estimates
I created a Filter called Design Story esitimates that collates the stories and lists the sum of the subtask estimates

https://iveda.atlassian.net/issues/?filter=10007

I created an Excel sheet with the estimates

NEXT
x Post update on Slack that I've organized, described and estimated UI requirements on the Jira Board

x DM Greg with spreadsheet. Mention the Design Story estimates filter I added to Jira Workspace

---

## [2021-07-08 15:58] xoholo

Here we go again. I'm starting from a blank slate, as before

---

## [2021-07-08 19:16] xoholo

and again. having trouble for the first time w the typemap

---

## [2021-07-09 00:00] xoholo

And again. Need to get this sorted tonight or defer until next week

---

## [2021-07-09 00:53] xoholo

Well the 5th time is the charm I think I've got a depot & database for WINTERMUTE setup locally on LOCUTUS, on a dedicated internal SSD. The workspace is setup in a Perforce directory under D:/Users/Gary where it will get backed up by the daily archive

TO-DO
- additional backup scheduling for local & NAS archives
- test connection to LOCUTUS from ONYX
    + setup Workspace
    + get latest from WINTERMUTE depot

---

## [2021-07-09 01:27] xoholo

I worked with the WINTERMUTE project in its new workspace. Made some changes and submitted to P4

---

## [2021-07-09 01:40] xoholo

Verified working
I'm accessing the P4 server on ONYX and getting latest from the Depot

---

## [2021-07-09 12:34] xoholo

Doing some project planning in Jira
Organizing each of the environments I've been working with by Name
LOFT
WINTERMUTE
FACTORY
CLOUDWALKER

Creating a set of standardized subtasks to serve as a pipeline.
Maybe these will become Epics later.

---

## [2021-07-09 13:49] OPS

OPS-54  investigate ethernet connectivity issues on MULE
I've stepped through numerous oprtions on this matter. Still not resolved. 
It just stopped working all of a sudden.
- check the network cable
- reinstall windows

---

## [2021-07-09 13:49] xoholo

OPS-54  investigate ethernet connectivity issues on MULE
I've stepped through numerous oprtions on this matter. Still not resolved. 
It just stopped working all of a sudden.
- check the network cable
- reinstall windows

---

## [2021-07-09 13:51] OPS

Out of nowhere, some network connectivity issues with MULE
It had been a non-issue previously

---

## [2021-07-09 16:44] OPS

resolved the issue. Problem with network cable. Purchase new 6ft cable

---

## [2021-07-09 16:49] OPS

took a look at
OPS-52 add network sharing protocols to MULE
Although I can see the shared machines, I'm running into authentication issues
I shouldn't have to enter the credentials of an existing user on that machine, which is where I'm running into trouble. Reviewing a video about the subject
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-C3v82zOgE&ab_channel=Windows11%26Windows10Guru

---

## [2021-07-09 17:13] OPS

N:ARCHIVE
X:LOCUTUS
Y:ONYX
Z:MULE

---

## [2021-07-09 17:21] OPS

some success in this newer approach from the video. Apparently you have to share with:

I added "Everyone" and provided read/write access. In some case that was all I needed to do. Connected with LOCUTUS easily
However not able to connect with ONYX without being challenged for authentication. That's not supposed to happen, right?

I'll pick this up later. Its like a detective story

---

## [2021-07-09 18:29] xoholo

That's good progress. I've setup what I think is a reasonable version controlled Unreal workflow. It seems like a lot of work for my immediate use - synchronizing projects on different machines for rendering, etc. I'm sure all the other uses will become apparent when necessary

---

## [2021-07-09 18:31] iveda

ongoing chat with Greg who tells me a contract will be ready next week
The CEO "liked" a confluence post
They're interested in setting up a videoconference to look over the PinPoint product

---

## [2021-07-09 19:34] xoholo

I've added the Scans project to version control in workspaces on ONYX and LOCUTUS

adding the Cinechamber project
added camera360 project
added Factory project

---

## [2021-07-09 23:46] xoholo

while waiting for the new couch to be assembled, I played around with some point cloud data in UE4.27 
The handling of this data is much improved and I'm wondering if the new preview release is stable enough to run the SOMA project?

---

## [2021-07-10 16:39] xoholo

I've been organizing map and related sequence files. I plan to split the SCAN project into a seperate LOFT and SOMA projects. Spent way too much time working on a non point cloud geometric fantasy wuith a grid. Its cool, but was ready to move forward 2h ago. I'm checking everything back in and will see how kicking off a render on LOCUTUS works

---

## [2021-07-10 19:35] xoholo

cleaned up chaff
started render for grid-loop on LOCUTUS

first version uses 64 temporal sample, which seems like a lot, but wanted to see the output and rendering time, which is looking like it will be very long

2nd version uses 16 temporal samples and tiling x 4 
render quality seems identical for ths subject matter
Elapsed: 1:00
ETA 4:56

---

## [2021-07-11 08:46] xoholo

goddamnit last nights render doesn't include the camera moves. Its just a static camera. Why? 
grid.grid-loop.v002

---

## [2021-07-11 08:56] xoholo

rendering again on ONYX
ETA 2h

I'll monitor as it goes and see if the problem persists

---

## [2021-07-11 09:03] xoholo

the new render 
grid.grid-loop.v003 seems ok

---

## [2021-07-11 15:57] xoholo

I'm doing some work in the cinemachamber project that emerged from what I wanted to share w Yoann. He called out of our session today at the last moment, and not sure how to feel about that. On the one hand, I needed to do more prep work. On the other hand, it puts any kind of audio edits to the last minute. Which is the best time I guess.

Are we still partners? I feel like we've lost momentum, but he hasn't beeen to the space since they upgraded the audio. I am doing my best to stop thinking about me and to think about how I can support him so he'll have a cool experience when we go there on Tuesday night. We made plans to meetup on Monday night. 

I want to have additional material rendered out for that as well. Updated version of SOMA is what I was planning on. I also have a new GRID video

---

## [2021-07-11 16:01] xoholo

I've learned how to fire events to a level blueprint (perhaps any blueprint) from Sequencer. A bit convoluted? A bit familiar though. Vaguely remeber doing something like this before for ZOS. Seems like it opens up possibilities, although the more immediate one for sequencing Niagara parameters uses a different workflow?

For my immediate purposes, this will allow me to use movie render from sequencer and trigger the level blueprint from the timeline instead of having it listen for BeginPlay.

The way it had previously been setup was to add the level sequence to the map and have it autoplay and populate the media files, etc. That's more of an interactive workflow. The only way to capture output (may still need to do it this way) is to use Microsoft or Nvidia screen recorder

I'll see if this works for my purposes.

I also created a new "preview" anim for packaging up video files
(I dont just want to package them up, I want to include some of the spatial character for Yoann & I to riff on)

Lots more work on this today than expected. Not without value. Worried about my team. What would Ruwan say?

---

## [2021-07-11 17:23] xoholo

Sooo. The sequencer event behavior does work in a movie render que context. I was getting turned around by the behavior in editor. Its also possible to show that behvaior by enabling the PIE switch on the event properties. Probably the mehanism already in place (using benin play) would alo have worked without needing to fire a custom event. lol

Yeah. Verified. Works as expected with my original blue

---

## [2021-07-11 19:23] xoholo

setting up some output
figuring out how to make movie render queue burn-in match what I setup for the level sequence

---

## [2021-07-12 08:59] xoholo

I feel like a got a whole lot of nowhere yesterday. I was overly concerned about the presentation quality for the material I was planning to bring over to Yoann's and then he canceled. Frustrated. Wondering what the goal is for tonight, or will there even be a worksession tonight? 

I intend to bring over two looped pieces rendered from the cinechamber prototype. I'd like to have those prepared and rendering in the next hour.

Following that, I'm going to shift my focus to pixel streaming and OSC input to UE4. I want to keep working with Yoann. For personal, artistic and social reasons, but I can't ignore the elephant in the room. There's a major disconnect between our commitment levels. I don't feel like its up to me to tell him to work the way that I do, but the entire reason I got into this was to work together, and I dont think we're connecting that way. How can that be addressed? Maybe short form remothe interactive experiments will light that spark and give us both that shared sense of purpose that I remember feeling so good.

---

## [2021-07-12 10:10] xoholo

updated BLOCKWORLD environment. New Map, level sequence, and materials so that I can continue to process or render the older version as needed. Maybe I'll have a chance to render this out later. At the moment though I'm wondering if/how environmental fog can be rendered w the panoramic camera?
blockworld_v02_loop is the new level sequence

---

## [2021-07-12 10:36] xoholo

Turns out that, yes, environmental height fog can be captured by the panoramic camera. There's a flag to activate

---

## [2021-07-12 11:48] xoholo

LOFT
sequence: blockworld-loop-dark
movierenders: color-y.v001.[1496]
screenrenders: lidar-color-y_screen-01_H264

the output needs to be coupled to the level sequence that generated it
for archiving, rename files such that:

sequence: blockworld-loop-dark
movierenders: blockworld-loop-dark.v001.[1496]
screenrenders: blockworld-loop-dark_[10]

---

## [2021-07-12 12:00] xoholo

the other one I want to work on - the blue/red/purple one was rendered as
exoholo-loft.exoholo-loft-1.v001

I'm just going to call this

map: loft-sdiff
sequence: loft-diff-a
movierenders: loft-diff-a.v001.[372]

---

## [2021-07-12 13:32] xoholo

creative work on the staticdiff variant
map:LOFT
sequence:loft-staticdiff
movierenders:LOFT.loft-staticdiff.v001.[3000]
screenrenders:LOFT.loft-staticdiff.v001.[10]

let me check rendering time for this sequence [3000f]
nice. 
ETA:33m

I'll use this version as one of the pair I'll bring to Yoann's with me
NEXT:
- package LOFT.BLOCKWORLD
- package LOFT.STATICDIFF

---

## [2021-07-12 15:17] xoholo

moving LOFT.loft-staticdiff.v001 into After Effects

---

## [2021-07-12 15:44] xoholo

Processing in After Effects now

NEXT
- import into Cinechamber project
- screen record he output packaged for Yoann. I don't want to do another rendering pass, and I think this machine runs it just fine.
I'd like to have the material packaged up for Yoann in the next hour

---

## [2021-07-12 16:31] xoholo

Meeting up w Yoann at 18:30

---

## [2021-07-12 23:45] xoholo

good session. I knew he just needed an audience
rendering iteration loft-staticdiff-2
eta 30m

---

## [2021-07-13 09:00] xoholo

Yoann transfered audio and I've just downloaded it
FIRST:
I want to take a look at the material I rendered last night as loft-staticdiff-2

NEXT
For the postproduction task FUTURE-61 I will begin by dropping the audio into the packaged videos we used for reference.

THEN
I'll either iterate on LOFT.STATICDIFF, or I'll iterate on LOFT.BLOCKWORLD with some of the feedback Yoann gave

---

## [2021-07-13 09:45] xoholo

taking a look at loft-staticdiff-2
processing for output as screens in AE

---

## [2021-07-13 10:00] xoholo

started AE render

---

## [2021-07-13 10:50] xoholo

transferring output to cinechamber project

---

## [2021-07-13 11:20] xoholo

Ah. Unreal. Always some project management and optimization. Hopefull git ruid of the dynamicdatacach emessage I've been getting. Maybe improved system performance. I've set cinechamber project to raytracing. Just want to see the difference.

---

## [2021-07-13 12:00] xoholo

Fixed cinechamber floor and walls. this was a good outcome but a distraction. Raytracing may be a distraction. I don't need to do vizdev for this. Move along man!

---

## [2021-07-13 12:08] xoholo

The screen sequences I output for transfer to gray area will need to be 
- reprocessed in AE as looped footage for specified duration. Let's say 6m
- if the original source doesn't exist, then the MOV output will need to be looped and output as specified duration

Here are the assets to consider:

P1 loft-staticdiff-a
P1 loft.v015 (to be mapped as alt configuration in XML)
P2 loft-staticdiff-b
P2 blockworld-loop-dark

---

## [2021-07-13 13:32] xoholo

started rendering 6m clip of looped footage 
loft-staticdiff-a

---

## [2021-07-13 15:25] xoholo

loft-staticdiff-a
rendering complete

that took a lot longer than I'd expected.
I setup loft.v015 on LOCUTUS and am going to render that now and verify in prototype on LOCUTUS

---

## [2021-07-13 15:42] xoholo

loft.v015
started render. Shortened clip duration to 5m. Added additional core to render farm. So hopefully no more than 1.5h

---

## [2021-07-13 15:44] xoholo

verifying that output in cinechamber prototype. Adding audio and can screencapture for sharing

---

## [2021-07-13 16:19] xoholo

audio capture from xbox game bar doesnt work so well.
Getting a bit concerned about the loft.v015 after effects processing time

Its a good idea to get rendergarden implemented on LOCUTUS as well. Didnt feel like I had time to do so today, but for longer durations like this, it would be a real productivity booster.

NEXT
I'm going to export my sequences to external media for transfer to Gray Area
I'm going to update the XML file 
    - loft.v015
        - use the designation found in cinechamber project to assign media to screens
        - add LOFT-v03.wav as the audio source
    - loft-staticdiff-a
        + add ApollointheClouds2.wav as the audio source

---

## [2021-07-13 16:27] xoholo

loft.v015
only uses
screen-03
screen-04
screen-05
screen-06
screen-07

---

## [2021-07-13 16:28] xoholo

should I cancel the rendering and resubmit just those comps?

---

## [2021-07-13 16:38] xoholo

I launched a new render queue for screens 03-07 and it is more efficient. This was the right call. Its still a long render though, need to push back start time from 6p to 7p

---

## [2021-07-13 17:13] xoholo

I spoke w Yoann and Steve. I'm just going to let this sequence render and consider it a reality check

render garden is saying that a mov sequence took 38m to complete, and then it has to transcode that to MP4

---

## [2021-07-13 20:17] xoholo

That went OK. The world didn't end because I was unable to provide the other environment. Yoann was able to get good information and feedback regarding audio and how material works in the space. Incredibly, loft.v015 is still rendering in After Effects. wtf. I'm going to setup LOCUTUS and get MULE installed in the workspace, so I can use them each for rendering

---

## [2021-07-13 20:36] xoholo

Just as a note, The way I have the Jira board setup is going against the grain of Jira. The stories LOFT, FACTORY, WINTERMUTE, SOMA, CLOUDWALKER would make better Epics than Stories. These would replace the non-specific Immersive Point Cloud Video epic.

---

## [2021-07-13 22:42] xoholo

I've reorganized Jira

---

## [2021-07-13 22:46] xoholo

I'm noticing that rendergarden is rendering all of the screens I specified. I'd cancelled the rendering erlier, and I think they were still hanging around waiting to be rendered. I think that the seed directory probably needs to be cleared out in order to prevent that. Some material may have been rendered 2x

---

## [2021-07-13 23:15] xoholo

I have rendergarden and its dependencies set up on LOCUTUS. I'll read more about network clients in the morning. Great work day.

---

## [2021-07-14 16:21] xoholo

I've packaged loft.v015 to bring w me to Gray Area. Hoping we may get a chance to load it up and experience

---

## [2021-07-14 19:20] iveda

Spoke w Greg earlier who asked if I'd be willing to start working before the contract was delivered. I'm not. However I requested a walkthrough of the PinPoint software, and read through the confluence documentation he posted. Which looked like a reformatted version of the intially defined requirements. 

I also started pulling together moodboards for creative and Iveda identity. There's a lot of information on their website, and I'd like to spend 2h tomorrow gathering as much informatiion as I can. I felt that the 30 minutes I just spent on this yielded much more intel than I'd expected.

To follow up on that idea though, I'll make the milanote board shareable or public and will link to it from Confluence & Slack.

---

## [2021-07-15 09:31] xoholo

It doesn't seem like there's much of a point in recording HDR video on my phone. The material looks weird/flat to anyone not viewing it on an iphone. From what I've read the DolbyVsion iomplementation is unique to Apple. If the material needs conversion to SDR anyway, then what's the point. Is the additional data significant for color correction or image processing in general?

Anyway, I've converted the video I shot using iMovie and am transferring it to this machine now for further comparison

---

## [2021-07-15 11:17] xoholo

When viewing the HDR and SDR files side by side in VLC Media Player, I don't see a difference in the content. I can see a difference in a Premiere project setup to import that material with an appropriate LUT.

Dolby Vision HDR can also be used for movies etc., however, the look is baked in and so you don't have much room to manipulate that image in post (unless you work in SDR, then the HDR metadata is stripped away )

---

## [2021-07-15 12:30] iveda

looking through the Iveda site and capturing to Milanote. I tested sharing those boards on Slack, and looks good. I don't want to spend more than an hour on this.

---

## [2021-07-15 12:30] xoholo

I'm processing the mov files in Handbrake for export as mp4 assets

---

## [2021-07-15 15:32] iveda

I collated research on Pinpoint, Iveda identity and a moodboard. Shared this material on Slack for visibility

---

## [2021-07-15 15:33] xoholo

What’s the next step for LOFT?

I’ve seen how repeatable the loop
Structure can be. Especially if polyrhythmic and a bit chaotic 

Think about the loop-entry state
What does that animation look like? What does it mean?
Assume that it uses the loft asset
Where did I enter from. Another asset?

Think about the loop exit-state
What does that animation look like. What does it mean?

Assume that it uses the loft asset
Where am I going. Another asset?

---

## [2021-07-16 12:11] xoholo

Here's my understanding of how to setup rendergarden for networked rendering

For networked machines without an after effects license, there are some steps needed to use aerender.exe as a rendering process

python & ffmpeg dependencies must be installed on the networked machine
        - ffmpeg must be installed at the same local filepath on each machine
the gardener script must be installed on the networked machine


To run rendergarden over the network, you launch the Gardener script on the networked machine(s) This launches instances of aerender.exe, which is a version of after effects used for rendering only. 

Rendergarden managed operations using a seed directory. Each of the render processes watches the seed directory for new jobs and updates the seed directory while working on a job

The seed directory must be a network share
each networked machine must map the same drive letter to the share
each networked machine must use an identical path to the seed directory

---

## [2021-07-16 12:25] xoholo

the shared network drive:
should be a local drive on the machine that will be used for the combine (combining segments) job

---

## [2021-07-16 12:42] xoholo

I'm going to use the external USB drive on ONYX as the shared drive

---

## [2021-07-16 13:32] xoholo

- shared drive
- installed rendergarden on network machine
- install python on network machine
- install ffmpeg on network machine
-

---

## [2021-07-16 14:43] xoholo

the project to be rendered over the network needs to live on the shared drive

I am somewhat resigned to reinstalling windows on ONYX to deal with the issue I'm having with Chrome (I know, its crazy)
However, if so, I could take that opportunity to change the drive letters on ONYX

LOCUTUS
SSD-500GB   C: (system)
SSD-TTB     D: (data/projects)
HD-4TB      E: (archiving)

uh.. hold that thought. That's crazy. Just watch the video and I think your real use case is covered

---

## [2021-07-16 16:02] xoholo

The rendergarden tutorials are a bit vague, but I think I've got it working.

2 processes (gardeners) are running on LOCUTUS
2 gardeners are sunning on ONYX

---

## [2021-07-16 16:13] xoholo

I killed the gardeners, then started 4 news ones
Memory usage w 4 gardeners is high 27.4/32GB
What would happen if I added 4 more?

---

## [2021-07-16 16:35] xoholo

It looks like everything is working. I'm re-rendering loft.v015 since the render time came as such a surprise.

This time around, I specified 20 seeds, meaning each comp in the renderqueue will be divided into 20 "jobs" that get picked up by the 14 gardeners I have running (ONYX x 10, LOCUTUS x 4)

The most obvious bottleneck on ONYX is RAM
It looks like the After Effects disk cach is on an internal hard drive rather than an SSD, or even split across multiple drives..

---

## [2021-07-16 17:04] xoholo

I updated the After Effects prefs and the system pagefile prefs on LOCUTUS. Seeing greater CPU utilization. Difficult to state how much more performant the render queue is. What if I were to include MULE? That machine has 16GB RAM, but also a faster CPU (I think)

possible I'd get 4 more rendering nodes? With a lot of page swapping,

---

## [2021-07-17 12:36] xoholo

Chrome is working again. More specifically remote desktop is no longer a problem to solve

---

## [2021-07-19 09:50] xoholo

I've been playing around with sequencer and using cameras to make animations with an A, B, and a C. Its part of what I want to do with game levels like LOFT. How do you enter, what happens while there, how do you exit. Or more generally. Where's the entrance. Where's the exit. What happened inside? It feel like directingm, really.

I am working through nome Niagara examples. Learning a bit about how to use custom modules. There's a section I want to work throughh this morning which exposes Niagara params to Sequencer.

I also want to get serious about collating my documentary in a structured form. I've been thinking Confkluence, becaus its so basic. What are my other choices?
Milanote? That's great for ideating, but its not great at structured text, and video assets don't behave as expected on iphone. Maybe not such a big deal though?

I want to figure out (this mornig) Why not Confluence?

---

## [2021-07-19 11:33] xoholo

I've finished up a pretty satisfying level sequence with 3 cameras exploring different aspects of my new particle system toy (Niagara)

NEXT - WHERE'S THAT BEAT?
Use the niagara parameter animation here to control the spawn rate
Dig up the reactive audio technique explored in an earlier project. It would look pretty cool if audio amplitude was modulating the sphere emitter (instead of the sine wave I'm currently using for rhythm)

---

## [2021-07-19 14:36] iveda

Luz reached out to me with some information she needs for my contract

---

## [2021-07-20 11:09] iveda

Sent start date to Luz for inclusion in my contract
Setup meeting with Greg to discuss first steps and manage expectations

---

## [2021-07-20 14:02] iveda

shared some material from Wrld3D w Greg. My thinking is that I may use it to create graphics, but also wanted to call out how it switches from streep to indoor nav, and the navigation system for indoors

---

## [2021-07-21 09:41] xoholo

I'm adding MULE to the collective. I'm thinking I will relocate MULE to Yoann's place for a while. I believe the way forward is using UE4 in realtime. Not sure what that means exactly, but here are some of my dreams and functions

- loop, sequence, playback material in realtime, or near real-time
- adjust rates, ranges, etc. in response to what's happening in the space
- automate, or drive the UE4 level with signals from Abelton, audio amplitude, OSC
- import recorded audio for immediate feedback while recording audio
- use sequencer to cut up and arrange imported audio
- familiarize and empower Yoann with this workflow

---

## [2021-07-21 09:47] xoholo

For each machine in the collective, this mapping will apply

Users (\\archive) (N:)
Users (\\LOCUTUS) (X:)
Users (\\ONYX) (Y:)
Users (\\MULE) (Z:)

Compliance
x LOCUTUS
x ONYX
x MULE

---

## [2021-07-21 09:57] xoholo

rebooting everything to make sure the mappings persist

---

## [2021-07-21 10:54] xoholo

completed P4 setup on MULE
Getting latest revision to pupulate this machine's workspace

---

## [2021-07-21 11:48] xoholo

I've installed Creative Cloud on MULE
I've Installed After Effects and Rendergarden. This machine should be able to run as a rendering node.

---

## [2021-07-21 12:10] xoholo

Verified rendergarden functionality on MULE
Ran into an error until I realized that the filesequence was referenced by its local drive nomenclature instead of network mappings shared by all machines in the collective.

Instead of referring to an asset on ONYX as D:/Project/asset.txt
Its should be referred to in the AE project as a network mapping: Y:/Project/asset.txt

---

## [2021-07-22 09:34] xoholo

Getting Perforce worked out on MULE yesterday was more time consuming than expected. SOme of it being my inexperience with using and administering that tool. I wpent tiome reorganizing the testenv UE4 project, and when I left it last night, things were a little bit broken.

I'm not sure what the protoocol for moving content into folders is when they're version controlled. Where can I read about it?

I'm not going to push myself to get the loop sequences I want done by Tesday. I definitely want new material along those lines, but I'm a lot more excited about bringing MULE over to Yoanns and figuring out how to work together interactively

- check w Steve if Mondays and Tuesdays are the only available days
- how much more can I have ready to share by Monday evening?
    + how much more can I have ready to share if I dont focus on rendering and packaging cinechamber output?

---

## [2021-07-22 10:03] iveda

Meeting w Greg now

- our check-in frequency

---

## [2021-07-22 11:28] iveda

good meeting with Greg will transcribe myu notes here

---

## [2021-07-22 13:02] xoholo

I'm back in the testenv project. It got screwed up when I started deleting things in P4. How can I avoid that in future. I was trying to organize and consolidate the folder structure in content browser. A number of references were broken

---

## [2021-07-22 16:38] xoholo

Verified that everything works on MULE. Looks solid.

---

## [2021-07-22 16:40] xoholo

There are a couple of things I want to do when we work together
P1 use a shot track to sequence level sequences
P1 incorporate audioreactive processing in Niagara module (previously tested)
P1 incorporate audioreactive processing in Blueprint
P2 how to animate niagara parameters in sequencer
P3 how to record takes with interactive camera (game controller)
P3 investigate audioreactive processing with live audio in (Audio Capture component)
P3 investigate reactivity with Abelton Live/OSC

---

## [2021-07-23 09:52] xoholo

There's so much I want to do. So much that can be done. So much I want to refine. So much I want to be part of. Its exhilarating and confusing and how do I capture it in Jira lol.

---

## [2021-07-23 11:09] iveda

Greg shared a PDF of a building plan, which I've added to my resoureces, etc. Not sure what the larger context of this building is. Where would I find it on a map?

---

## [2021-07-23 12:29] iveda

I did some research about that map, wondering how far I could go before I needed to read any docs. I captured that journey in a new Mapping moodboard and shared with Greg on slack

---

## [2021-07-23 20:06] xoholo

created a "shot track" without effort
a level sequence containing 2 other level sequences

---

## [2021-07-26 09:57] iveda

checked in with Greg

MAP
- send sample SVG file to Greg with named polygons.
    - He wants to see if he can use that data as a region editor for WRLD3D
- step thru the WRLD3D tutorial on building indoor maps
    + is this something I can demonstrate for Greg?


JIRA
- can my Jira user credentials be changed to gboodhoo@skinjester.com? 
    + Your email change request could not be processed because gboodhoo@skinjester.com is already associated with another Atlassian account.

Simple answer - no. Apparently not without some significant effort on my part. Made the attempt.

- review the JIRA tasks that I identified
    + add an issue for introduction to vue.js
    + add an issue for WRLD3D evaluation

MEET & GREET
- I setup a meeting with Marko at 11a


notes fom meeting
trying to setup a demo for Sid
He's going to send me a link to a version of the webapp


pro
tracker updates are very reliable

SUMMARY
Marko is more on the production side of things, not so much the product sude. He was helpful and seemed nice. He gave me a link to the app, which is exactly what I needed to study

It was obvious before, but is increasingly more obvious that lack of customer definition/user roles is a problem. I'm not sure how much there is to see, anmd for who? I know that is very general purpose and that is certainly a strength, but i need criteria to evaluate my work by. I think it will take further conferencing with Syd? David? Greg? to define those intentions further

What can I do to start that conversation?
- provide a list of users and have them sort by importance?

---

## [2021-07-26 13:16] iveda

pinpoint prototype
https://app.ivedapinpoint.com/

username: mrodic@iveda.com
password: password

---

## [2021-07-26 14:29] iveda

doing some Jira housekeeping. All the tasks are listed in backlog status. Check w Greg about updating them to selected for development.

---

## [2021-07-26 16:10] iveda

almost forgot to send over the SVG testfile Greg requested

---

## [2021-07-27 10:43] iveda

brief back and forth with Greg this morning, he's with his wife before surgery at th moment, so I'll keep working silently with the intent of a broader data dump later in the week.

---

## [2021-07-27 10:44] iveda

What do you want to accomplish today?
- audit the Pinpoint demo app
    + share my notes as confluence documentation
- examine the commercial theme market for vuejs
    + find some candidates that are broad enough to refactor the pinpoint demo app layout in XD

---

## [2021-07-27 12:53] iveda

created board for capturing my UX audit

---

## [2021-07-27 15:15] iveda

spinning my wheels fixating on browser size for screen capture for the audit. I'm telling myself its because I want to be accurate. Really?

---

## [2021-07-27 15:15] iveda

Marko reached out to introduce me to teh Tracmo app, which is an IoT mobile app. He's set up an account w the same info visible in Pinpoint. Its all working. My button mashing the "ring" button was heard by him.
Uses same login as the pinpoint demo. Installed it on my phone

---

## [2021-07-29 10:07] iveda

1:1 meeting w Greg
Samson (Tracmo) was mentioned again

inFluxDB - a timebased database

History

NEW CUSTOMER
IVEDA (superuiser)
HOSPITAL (Claro)
REGIONAL MANAGER (NE/SW/HOSPITALS)
HOSPITAL ADMIN 
NURSE
GUARD

---

## [2021-07-29 10:28] iveda

how about setup mode?
Preconfigure what we can

Preload configuration is a thing. Think about how much time it takes you to setup a smart home config in your living room


What is the Out of Box experience for new customers

Think about how bulk config works
It implies bulk deletion

---

## [2021-07-30 15:13] iveda

I'm continuing my research into the IoT space and capturing what seem like typical UX pillars. I'm close to wrapping up screen capture for the webapp. It's not worth capturing the visual presence on mobile.

However, it may be useful to capture some screens from the Tracmo mobile app, if only to see where structure and fuction overlap

---

