# Raw Entries for August 2021

**Total Entries:** 51
**Projects:** OPS, iveda, xoholo

---

## [2021-08-01 13:12] xoholo

Yoann is coming by in a bit. I want to officially end this chapter and acknowledge how much I've gained and how much its meant to me. I want to propose a new chapter based on a more improvisational approach.

I'll propose installing MULE at his place for a while and see how it works.
However, I'd like to be able to sync Perforce on MULE, as well as access ARCHIVE in general.

I'm reading about different ways to access the NAS from an external network.

---

## [2021-08-01 17:26] xoholo

Good chat with Yoann. We're going to move forward with the idea of "jamming". He's thinking that the idea of a common production machine will help him reorganize his setup into a production workflow. W also acknowlegded the bigger collective picture. Its not just cinechamber,. i want to go further, and I can tell he does too. I think the onlw way to do so is to reduce the efort and increase the realtiem ritual

NEXT STEP
- setup a day (next week) to install the machine

---

## [2021-08-01 17:29] xoholo

struggling a bit to understand the various terms behind remote access to my LAN. But this:

For clients that support it, WebDAV lets you access your NAS device as though it were a local device.

---

## [2021-08-02 09:24] xoholo

I've gotten the WebDAV server started on ARCHIVE. I've downloaded Cyberduck to mount

---

## [2021-08-02 09:54] iveda

what more do I need to capture from this app before I post it to Confluence/Slack

NAVIGATION
- App Menu/Submenu
- List Submenu
- Remove Tracker(s)
- Remove TempPad Logger(s)
- Remove Device(s)
- Remove Access Link(s)
- Revoke B2B Accounts

EXTERNAL CHANNEL
- Email: Password Change
- Email: PIN code

FEATURES
- Feed
- Notifications
- Account Management
- Advanced Search
- Tracker Map

COMPONENT
- Text Entry Field
- List Header Sort
- Tooltip
- Button (Refresh) 
- Switch (Notify On/Off)
- Button (Share)
- Button (Find this item on the map)
- Button (Call to Action)
- Button (Export CSV)
- Button (Choose Indoor Map)
- Dropdown (TempPad Unit)
- Dropdown (Temp Pad High Temp Alert)
- Dropdown (Low Temp Alert)
- Dropdown (Alert Type)
- Dropdown (TempPad Analytics Time Range)
- Map Pin

DIALOGS
- Change Photo
- Tracker Analytics
- Account Management
- TempPad Analytics
- Create TempPad Logger
- Create Access Link
- Create B2B Account

---

## [2021-08-02 12:21] iveda

There's a bit more to capture and organize than I realized. I'll export as PDF for sharing purposes later.

---

## [2021-08-02 15:31] OPS

ARCHIVE
static IP:      192.168.0.132 (maps to Synology static IP)
subnet mask:    255.255.255.0
gateway:        192.168.0.1

Dynamic IP hostname: exoholo.ddns.net (via no.ip.com)
username: gboodhoo@gmail.com
password: 7aTXONm4rIij

---

## [2021-08-03 11:20] iveda

productively distracted by Google Maps. I captured detailed survey of interface methods and layouts used in that product. Probably enough for its own board

---

## [2021-08-03 11:47] iveda

continuing my work on the audit. What's the ETA? Any reason this can't wrap up in 2h?

*PM: post audit of the Pinpoint web to Confluence/update team on Slack
*PM: attach relevant gfx from audit to corresponding Jira issues

---

## [2021-08-03 11:59] iveda

Greg called out the scrum posts to Slack I just started doing as a good working practice for the team :)

---

## [2021-08-03 16:28] iveda

MENUS
x App Menu/Submenu
- List Submenu

REMOVE ITEM FROM LIST
- Unassign Tracker(s)
x Remove TempPad Logger(s)
- Remove Device(s)
x Remove Access Link(s)
x Revoke B2B Accounts
x Delete Map

EXTERNAL CHANNEL
- Email: Password Change
- Email: PIN code

FEATURES
- Feed
- Notifications
- Account Management
- Advanced Search
- Tracker Map

COMPONENT
- Text Entry Field
- List Header Sort
- Tooltip
- Button (Refresh) 
- Switch (Notify On/Off)
- Button (Share)
- Button (Find this item on the map)
- Button (Call to Action)
- Button (Export CSV)
- Button (Choose Indoor Map)
- Dropdown (TempPad Unit)
- Dropdown (Temp Pad High Temp Alert)
- Dropdown (Low Temp Alert)
- Dropdown (Alert Type)
- Dropdown (TempPad Analytics Time Range)
- Map Pin

DIALOGS
- Change Photo
- Tracker Analytics
- Account Management
- TempPad Analytics
- Create TempPad Logger
- Create Access Link
- Create B2B Account

---

## [2021-08-03 18:44] iveda

I'm regrouping the content I captured into columns for easier handling

---

## [2021-08-04 00:12] iveda

completed UX audit

NEXT
export board
post to confluence
share on Slack

THEN
take a look at the Jira tasks you created and update w relevant assets

---

## [2021-08-04 10:44] iveda

exporting the UX Audit board

---

## [2021-08-04 11:26] iveda

setting up Design Project Page and Pinpoint UX Audit pages in Confluence. I can use this documentation as a kind of calling card when I reach out to the other stakeholders. I don't have to flesh out all the refinements and details just yet. Just set up the page and icnlude the basic information

---

## [2021-08-04 16:47] iveda

Iveda has partnered with interaction designer Gary Boodhoo to design the Cerebro User Experience for its Smart IoT platform, starting with Iveda Pinpoint. Phase 1 will concentrate on design decisions and focus on the Iveda Pinpoint web app.

Goal:
Create a modular and responsive UX/UI framework for this web application. Make it more fun.

---

## [2021-08-04 20:18] iveda

I've constructed a confluence structure for Iveda. Its all stubbed in right now, but I want to apply visuals to each page, and also link the pages to related jira issues

---

## [2021-08-04 22:46] iveda

Despite some initial procrastination, the confluence & milanote documentation I've been working on looks like realness now.

---

## [2021-08-04 22:50] iveda

NEXT
- continue associating Jira tasks w confluence pages
- read through Greg's requirement listings and make sure that those line items are addressed in relevant documentation
    + I need to know which parts of this relate specifically to what Greg requested

---

## [2021-08-05 11:02] iveda

1 on 1 with Greg went well. 
I spoke about the UX audit and the ConfluenceWeb that came out of that task

I spoke broadly about the 2 main UX challenges I documented:
- switching contexts between indoor/outdoor
- asset analytics

We spoke a while about the value of aggregating information, being able to tag what you needed. 

He's following up with the team at WRLD3D later today

---

## [2021-08-06 16:59] OPS

Lets try this again.
Watching a youtube video on the subject

---

## [2021-08-06 18:58] OPS

Getting nowhere. But this:

After you have registered a domain name with No-IP, it will take 24-72 hours for your domain name to propagate to all of the root DNS servers. Your domain may show up in the WHOIS database before it has fully propogated to the root DNS servers.

---

## [2021-08-07 16:48] iveda

I've started adding "pain points and opportunities" commentary on the confluence pages I created. Once completed, all of this can be collated, prioritized, grouped, etc.

---

## [2021-08-07 16:52] OPS

working through detailed tutorial found on r/synology
https://www.wundertech.net/synology-nas-initial-setup-ultimate-guide/#41_Accessing_your_Synology_NAS_Outside_of_your_Local_Network

Upgraded DSM on the NAS to v7.0

---

## [2021-08-10 11:56] iveda

I'm looking through vue,js templates for Dashboards, Blogs and Admin Interfaces.

---

## [2021-08-10 17:00] iveda

After calming down I'm taking the time to explore the world of vue.js. Pretty amazing really. Sort of like jQuery, but better. Even better it looks like it may be simple to evaluate design work in the browser. Theres a service called CodeSandbox that takes care of the server and dev environment stuff. Lots of features to share & embed work elsewhere.

2 parts to the design pipeline:
Adobe XD (sketching, layout with a UX kit, clickthru)
Vue.js (sketching, demonstrating, including)

---

## [2021-08-12 14:06] iveda

Greg is completely sold on using WRLD3D technology for our mapping. This removes some of the constraints I've been diligent about - or at least defers them a bit more realistically. I checked the WRLD3D map stuff and its really just a layer of JQUERY on top of the map tech.

Greg wants to get a basic design spec together to send out to them for estimation and pricing. That doesn't really change the scope of UI work I need to do, but does add some urgency. I'm gooing to do low fidelity wireframes using WRLD3D bkg assets. All, the same material needs to be covered. This will effectively be an overall view (low fidelity) of the application.

What needs doing?
Need to present 2 postures: Mobile (portrait) and Desktop (1080)

Follow up w Greg tomorrow. to show where I've progressed

---

## [2021-08-13 09:53] iveda

The Tracmo app on iPad has some good ideas about how to handle lists

NEXT
setup XD project file
    - create mobile (portrait) artboard w grid
    - create desktop 1920x1080 artboard w grid

THEN
sketching

THEN
metrics:


FEED
    - vertical sidepanel?
    - horizontal sidepanel (like tracmo)
    - switch between gallery and list views?



    - 

gather screen captures from the Tracmo iPad app as reference

---

## [2021-08-13 17:24] iveda

gathered research all day, including tracking Thea when she went to lunch. Many screen captures demonstrating validated patterns for feeds, menus, contexts and map views at a different range of views. I want to use that material for scale

now the sketching

---

## [2021-08-16 12:20] iveda

its all in my mind I guess. Everytime I start designing this though I tense up. Its only as comp,icated as it is. Maybe some overthinking. I just need to demonstrate a skeletion of this to Greg later

specifically:

P3 hand held view (mobile) vs Desktop views.
    - how do the elements translate?
P1 application skeleton in mobile view
P1 safe areas
    - full screen
    - navigation top

---

## [2021-08-17 18:41] iveda

The information architecture ideation I spent a good amount of time on was worth it. I stood up a basic application skeleton for Greg, and he's onboard. IO spent today doing what felt like nothing much. I want to rebuild the XD file I made in a well-formed manner so I can make global changes. Was that really ever a reaasonable goal though? I feel like it should be? I feel like it has the potential to eliminate a lot of copy/paste. I feel like its the best way to accomplish theming, etc. But not if its tedious.

Earlier Greg had some questions for Calvin about the authentication API's that Iveda is using in conjunction w Tracmo (not sure what that relationship is). In any case the Pinpoint app communicates w the Tracmo app. I took a deeper dive into login and some related user-centered functions - change PIN, change email. I'd previously identified some missing UI in the Login story. Captured and organized the audit and shared to Slack. Greg appreciated the detail. I told him I'd stub in User management in the App Menu, and could probably stub in a management screen using another list-type screen as a template, if only to get that more solid

---

## [2021-08-18 00:29] iveda

To get my mind off of this, I purchased 2 UI Kits for general purpose wireframing. I need to step away from the idea of implementation right now. Spending more time pre-optimizing than getting my hands dirty. I need to look thru the material I downloaded - the Constructor set then rebuild the design using those elements

---

## [2021-08-18 12:06] iveda

I'm reviewing the Constructor UI Kit. Really wish I'd thought to use something like this for previous work. Greag sent out an updated list of requirements around login

Admin Roles

Depending on role level the UX will show a hierarchical graphical map or thumbnail of domain, branch …, location which can be clicked on by the user
Admins should be able to get various reports graphically and be able to dig down by clicking on the various charts (perhaps they can change from bar to pie if appropriate)
Need to track alert counts / rates, resolve counts / rates, battery drain rates, device loss rates, etc.
 

User Roles

User roles are different than administration roles in that they can be scheduled based on work schedules
Notifications are filtered based on job type and work schedule
 

Notifications

Can you check if Amazon SNS has a platform agnostic payload that can include rich content? We want to include images and links into our content.
We need to be able to have templates for our notifications that can be filled in and localized.
Notifications need to be sent out to specific users based on user role
Need to have notification ID’s so and Device ID’s so device can point at notification and notification can point at device for UX
Notifications will have a resolve button, with some predefined reasons as well as a text field if there is a nonstandard reason. Reasons could be defined by user (or auto populated into text field based on previous ones?)
 

Device Information

In the UX we will show battery level
In the UX we will show and latest unresolved notification based on highest priority
In the UX we will show any other pertinent information (i.e. temperature)
In the UX we will be able to click a device and bring up detailed information
In the UX we will be able to click on the unresolved notification and bring up the notification details
In. the UX we will be able to show the history of the device in the 3D interface, video thumbnails, or a graph depending on the device.
 

Analytics

Need a database to track every click in the UX
Need a standard taxonomy for each button so we can see what the path to it is
Need to be able to generate a report from this data so we can find pain points and improve UX
Need a way to generate a message of the day based on stats, might be a leader board, might be a helpful hint
 

Please keep these things in mind as you are designing your side of the project. If you

---

## [2021-08-18 13:35] iveda

I created a new confluence doc, Roles and Permissions
I edited the Itemization confluence doc and refined to include the requirements Greg sent.

---

## [2021-08-19 12:12] iveda

Organizing the UI Kit blocks. The variety is a bit of overwhelm. Goingthru XD component and library documentation.

---

## [2021-08-20 17:23] iveda

The entire style guide is presented here
https://constructor.spline.one/

For my puroposes, maybe its just a matter of making sme choices and remoging all the unused definitions from the UI Kit's style guide?

---

## [2021-08-22 15:28] iveda

standard icons
APP_MENU_BINS
- Alert
- Temp Pad
- Trackers
- Stations

USER_PROFILE
Avatar Cartoons
- Female1
- Female2
- Female3
- Female4
- Male1
- Male2
- Male3
- Male4
- Avatar Group 


https://iveda.com/iot-sensors-and-devices/
TRACKER_PROFILE
    - VEHICLE IDENTITY
        - brandlogo1
        - brandlogo2
        - car-sedan-icon
        - car-SUV-icon
        - car-
        - carphoto1

    - TRACKER IDENTITY
        - bluetooth icon
        - Type 1 small
        - Type 2 flat card
        - Type 2+ Trakkar
        - Watch
        - TempPad

BASE_STATION_PROFILE
    - BaseStation icon




NEXT
update confluence w this asset listing

---

## [2021-08-22 17:00] iveda

updated confluence and cleaned up itemization for component building

---

## [2021-08-23 14:30] iveda

Meeting w Greg oushed back to Wednesday am
What do I expect to review then?
- completed flow for mobile view
- collated design specification

What do I need to do to make that happen?
- complete the layout work I'm doing 
- Take a look at how the UI kits I've downloaded communicate their specifications
- Take a look at how Bootstrap communicates design specification
- Take a look at the components in the XD library

---

## [2021-08-23 15:29] iveda

XD does generat4e an interesting kind of specification on a per artboard basis, not really like a style guide or design system. Still its interesting to see and I can think of so many times when screenshots of resentation of this material would have made everyone's life easier.

---

## [2021-08-24 11:05] iveda

The most obvious thing is most easily overlooked.
I mapped out the screen listing for the design last night. I'd already done so as part of the UX audit. Only now did I think to populate the XD project with those named views.

It looks like a long list, but there's a fair amount of duplication there. Most immediately:

TRANSFORM report listings to handheld view
- make a reporting list component

x connected? [T/F]
x profilepic
x profilename
x last seen [timestamp]
x location
x geofence name [MyOffice, Urgent Care Clinic ]
x City, State [San Francisco, CA]
- battery life %
- in motion? [T/F]

---

## [2021-08-24 22:34] iveda

Screens


Feed
    - Feed Minimized
    - Feed Menu
    - Feed Drawer
    - Feed Maximized
    - Tracker Itemization
    - TempPad Itemization
    - Feed Listing Groups

Item
    - Item Profile
    - Item History

Application
    - Application Menu
    - Application Submenu 
    ⁃ Search Menu
    - Notifications

User Account
    ⁃   account settings
    ⁃   upload custom profile pic
    ⁃   change username
    ⁃   Change password
    ⁃   Create PIN
    ⁃   Change email
    ⁃   Delete Account



Tracker Admin
    ⁃   Tracker Dashboard
    ⁃   Change Tracker Picture
    ⁃   Change Tracker Name
    ⁃   Share this Tracker
    ⁃   Tracker Dashboard Options
    ⁃   Tracker Dashboard Multiselect
    ⁃   Tracker History Log

Station Admin
    ⁃   Station Device Listing
    ⁃   Change Station Picture
    ⁃   Station Dashboard Options
    ⁃   Station Dashboard Multiselect

TempPad Admin
    ⁃   TempPad Dashboard
    ⁃   Create Logger
    ⁃   Edit Logger
    ⁃   TempPad Dashboard Options
    ⁃   TempPad Dashboard Multiselect

TempPad configuration 
    ⁃   TempPad Device Listing
    ⁃   Change TempPad Name
    ⁃   Assign TempPad device to Logger
    ⁃   TempPad device options
    ⁃   TempPad Device Multiselect

Activity Admin
    ⁃   Signed in device list
    ⁃   Signed in device options
    ⁃   Signed in device multiselect
    ⁃   Remove device(s)
    ⁃   Security logs
    ⁃   Access link
    ⁃   Access link details 
    ⁃   Create access link
    ⁃   Delete access link

Integrator tool
    ⁃   B2B account list
    ⁃   Create B2B account
    ⁃   Revoke B2B account 
Map
    ⁃   map pins
    ⁃   selected map pin
    ⁃   Building interior markers (wrld3d)

---

## [2021-08-25 00:24] iveda

I've finished adding the application struture as artboards in the XD project
With that stuff in mind, what goes in the application menu?

---

## [2021-08-25 03:26] iveda

I'll have about 2h before the meeting tomorrow
What can I prepare in that time?
- Temp Pad feed listing
    + Incl


Widget area
- heat map: report type

---

## [2021-08-25 13:17] iveda

meeting w Greg went well. Also productive. I spent time updating and reorganizing JIRA. Not entirely accurtate, but exposes the work I'm doing better. Updated confluence pages w the revused information as well

JavaScript Error: SyntaxError - Unexpected token '%'

JavaScript Error: SyntaxError - Unexpected token '%'
JavaScript Error: ReferenceError - objDate is not defined
JavaScript Error: SyntaxError - Unexpected token '%'

---

## [2021-08-30 15:16] iveda

Its been a while since I checked in but I solved the content and layout problem I'd been having with the Tracker Feed over the weekend. Just finished working up my August invoice and am sending that out to Luz (cc:Greg) in a moment

---

## [2021-08-30 16:05] iveda

Tweaking the invoice page UX and layout.

---

## [2021-08-31 11:48] iveda

I've posted the working dataset I'm using as fictional basis (back story)
for various lists. Feed, Notification, Reports

I've come far in my understanding of the Feed actually. Its taken longer than expected, but the design feels effortless and simple to extend. Its nothing I haven't seen before really, but that's actually the point of it. Understanding what data matters, matters.

---

## [2021-08-31 12:09] iveda

Right now I'm finding and extracting images of various types of tracker products and SKU's to add specificity to the design. Don't spend much longer on this

---

## [2021-08-31 12:50] iveda

finished collecting those assets. I dont need to process them right now. But I'd like to unzip and collate them in a common place. I've found some interestinghardware, mayvbe even for home use. But also came across some diagram-style PNG icons, etc.

---

## [2021-08-31 23:46] iveda

I've created and placed components in the Feed, showing different groupings, and so forth
I've updated the Application menu

NEXT
- group alerted item at top of relevant list

a couple of areas that I've not touched. Which will have the most impact?
- Asset Profile
- Reporting Page
- Profile
- Notifications
- Search

I think the most productive use of my time is to layout a report template, since this can be applied in a number of areas

---

