# Raw Entries for May 2021

**Total Entries:** 36
**Projects:** xoholo

---

## [2021-05-01 15:52] xoholo

getting close to success. I've worked out just about all the details of a UE4 workflow that can be processed in AE and reprojected in the cinechamber

---

## [2021-05-04 10:06] xoholo

I can't believe I figured out how to do it! I've successfilly crteated a workflow that allows me to reproject a UE4 environment into the cinechamber CAVE. 

Ive been working with the UE4 Winter Scene and am a bit surprised at the resolution I'm getting from it. Everything in that scene is distant, the scale is in kilometers. It does feel and look like its far away but the quality of some of the high frequency details nearer to the camera feels like there's something wrong.

As far as I can tell, I'm not missing any steps.
I'm submitting level sequences to the render queue
I'm using tiled output to get the resolution I want
    - I'm using manual exposure setting with EV +11.5
    - I'm overriding any prior antialiasing settings
        + I'm taking 8 spatial samples
        + I'm taking 1 temporal sample
    - I've set the output size to match AE screenarray (12800x720)
        + this causes the UE4 render to crop the 2:1 panoramic render to the 160:9 cinechamber protocol
    - I've also used the full 12800x6400 UE4 output and then cropped it in AE to match the cinechamber aspect

As an experiment I compared output from 360pano(mono) and 360pano(6 camera) options from the UE4 plugin. (no obvious differences)

As an experiment I have increased spatial sampling for AA to 64
    - not as impactful on the rendering time as I'd have thought.
As an experiment I have increased temporal sampling for AA to 4
    - very impactful on rendering times

---

## [2021-05-04 10:30] xoholo

working hypothesis:
- distant objects in UE4 don't sample at the same frequency as nearby ones

NEXT
- setup a test project with metrics for distance
- populate cinemachamber demo with stylized characters
- replace 3rd person mannequin with a more stylized character
- investigate large scale urban environment scene

---

## [2021-05-06 07:42] xoholo

I've been able to get good renders of the Ice Road environment. Raytracing helped. So did increasing the amount of light in the scene. There's still some grainyness in certain areas from the raytracer, but any antialiasing issues previously observed have been resolved

I've moved on to a new Factory Environment and am isolating an assembly line of robots for later rendering. This is going to be a more graphically oriented presentation instead of the full environment expressed in Iceworld

---

## [2021-05-07 09:01] xoholo

I'm taking a first look at the factory environment reprojected into futureworld. There are a couple of things I hadn't recognized before. This first rendering is pretty basic:

RAYTRACING
disabled

HIGH RESOLUTION
2 tiles
0.0 overlap

OUTPUT
12800 x 720

ANTIALIASING
spatial samples 8
temporal samples 1
override antialiasing TRUE
Antialiasing method NONE


The main thing I've noticed is that the further from the camera an object is, the worse the antialiasing appears. Or so it seems? This is a pretty quick render so here's an opportunity for some tests

---

## [2021-05-07 14:41] xoholo

I've finally worked out the basic issue with antialiasing.
It was only peripherally related to spatial and temporal sampling.
The main parameter is the Quality (Texture Size) in the Camera360 plugin itself
Remember: the rendering is literally that of a texture mapped plane mounted to the camera. It seems that the quality parameter is the size of the texture map.

---

## [2021-05-07 14:45] xoholo

The reason I say the sampling params are peripheral is because they don't directly relate to the resolution of the panoramic output. I kept on getting pixelated output and was tryingto fix that through sampling. Without the texture quality set high enough the image remained blocky looking no matter what the sampling rate

---

## [2021-05-18 15:02] xoholo

lost some of my previous notes due to not saving them.
In those notes I spoke about viewing the sample material for the first time at Gray Area, as well as what to look out for and capture when I went the next time.

All of that was great, very successful implementation of this pipeline.

I've been setting up Ubuntu for style transfer on video. There are a number of challenges there. I've had some technical difficulty that I've only just now corrected. Or maybe not. I'm running Ubuntu 21.04 and its possible that I'll need to downgrade to Ubuntu 20.04. That would be a real drag, but I'm able to get back to my work environment pretty quickly

Disappointingly, I've been unable to get Ubuntu 20.04/21.04 working properly on LOCUTUS as a dual boot system. Ubuntu installs properly, but will not connect to the wired network on that machine. I left that unresolved

At the moment I'm working/learning to generate point clouds from video imagery for presentation in the UE4 environment. The method uses an application called Agisoft Metashape to generate the point cloud data. Apparently Ue4 can import this without complication.

The idea of using this kind of imagery may be a way to find a personal voice in the tech. I've spent a lot of time figuring out how this environment can be constructed but not so much time figuring out what is unique about the environment. My test renderings are just first steps but already I recognize how impersonal they feel. The mechanical precision isn't unwelcome, but I remain uncertain about what there is to "say" if anything. Its eye candy at the moment.

---

## [2021-05-18 18:08] xoholo

starting some initial tests with generating a point cloiud. not really certain that video is the best input, when it seems photographs might work just as well with benefit of no motion blurring

---

## [2021-05-18 20:08] xoholo

more images are better it seems. Initial experiments with stuff around the house is promising. Precision seems determined by capture? I'm wondering - is it possible to sample any video in 3D. For xample, a videogame?

---

## [2021-05-19 20:07] xoholo

I'm taking a look at a category of ios Lidar scanning apps. Interested to see the difference in quality. Its definitely more convenient to do, although I'm not getting interesting scans - mostly because I'm doing this so randomly.

I've got Ubuntu 21.04 running on LOCUTUS machine. The networking issues were (apparently?) resolved by making a change to the BIOS. Something about enabling the "network stack" which allows for booting from the network(?) as well. All quite mysterious but working now. I have installed and verified Docier with GPU support

---

## [2021-05-19 20:39] xoholo

initial testing of a Lidar scan in promising. Significantly less effort for the results I want

---

## [2021-05-24 15:04] xoholo

Moving images stretched across a horizontal plane.

Curved glass and steel, polygons and points surround you. Your field of vision is carefully controlled. Try to ignore that you're a robot.

A giant machine moves and breathes. It is the Great Engine which pulses and rumbles and hums. The sounds it makes are too many things at once, and also exciting. It is a sea of sound

It was a grave and mad symphony, the kind of sound that makes you want to dismember someone and eat their corpse. It made you want to call your mother and just breathe on the phone for an hour.

The narrator is describing the RML CineChamber, a cinema experience that presents works from the RML archive and new works by emerging artists. The CineChamber is a large, but intimate, rectangular surround-screen apparatus that can be scaled to fit into auditoriums, theaters and concert halls. It offers extensive, immersive intermedia production opportunities for creators and innovators.

The CineChamber is described as an international artist's venue to create art and engage in a creative process. Artists like Alva Noto and Blixa Bargeld, Ryoji Ikeda, Maryanne Amacher, Christian Fennesz, Biosphere, Ryoichi Kurokawa, Speedy J & Scott Pagano, Chris Watson, Thomas Brinkmann, Monolake, Pan Sonic, Poie, Matmos, Rrose Christian Marclay, and many more have taken part in the CineChamber's history. The CineChamber's lineage can be traced back to 1897 and Raoul Gromoin-Sanson's ten synchronized movie projectors in the round that was featured in a world exhibition.

our unique 'Paradox Cut' technique ensures continuity between scenes

---

## [2021-05-25 14:20] xoholo

I've become very involved with point clouds, the possibility for self expression, and general uncanny presentation is so cool.
There's been a lot going on with the technical work, the overall vision and relationship with Yoann.

There's maybe more to say than I have time to document. But basically - having him over last weekend where we could talk and sort of touch the project together was great. I think it sparked an enthusiasm in him as well as myself.

---

## [2021-05-26 09:31] xoholo

I'm rtaking a quick look at Houdini. So far, its amazing and all I've done was construct a sphere with smaller spheres placed on its vertices. But its all procedural. Its infinititely deep. More like an IDE for 3D data and images. I'm looking at it with the hope that I can:
- import point clouds into Houdini
- export point cloud from Houdini as data for the Houdini/Niagara plugin
- Use Niagara to generate particles that travel to the defined points

desired outcome:
make the static points clouds I've been working with dynamic.
The project can work without this kind of animation, but I believe its an integral part of where I'm heading and worth the time.

---

## [2021-05-26 16:37] xoholo

I've learned some Houdini basics and am taking a look at the Houdini-Hiagara plugin

use the plugin to bring point cache data saved out as JSON into UE4 Niagra particle system, along with attributes such as age, life, ID and color. These caches can be static or animated point clouds created using procedural modeling techniques or using Particle, FLIP Fluid or Rigid Body simulation tools.

Elsewhere on the web I've seen an example of bringing in a point cloud for animated distortion within Houdini.
https://youtu.be/QiPImlxP-H0

---

## [2021-05-26 17:03] xoholo

There are additional approaches to point cloud rendering native to a UE4 workflow, but all are non-trivial. Approachable at a later time.

---

## [2021-05-26 17:05] xoholo

As far as animated point clouds go, there are 2 methods I've observed:
- revealing a structure by scanning it
    + this is what I see whenever I make a scan.
    + I've seen an example of custom code that reads point datga live from a Kinect during a UE4 runtime. Would need to contact the author
    + High end example is the realtime environment reconstructions of lidar scans for automated vehicles & drones
    + simulating this in UE4 (or Houdini) requires sequential PLY files, just like an image sequence
- point cloud modulated by particle system
    + this is what I'm working on with Houdini export. Somehow you can use the point data to spawn particles? become the endpoint of particle lifespan?

---

## [2021-05-26 20:10] xoholo

I have the UE4 Houdini/Niagarta project up and running. Playing around with the samples

---

## [2021-05-26 20:38] xoholo

Wow. Its beautiful sometimes. The possible range of looks and reactions seems infinite. My inexperience makes it seem like magic

---

## [2021-05-27 18:52] xoholo

spent much of the day working in the arctic project file, experimenting with lighting and animation. When I stepped back into Houdio export for Niagara I got confused by the difference between the Houdini Engine plugin and the Houdini Niagara plugin. For a moment I thought I needed a license to do what I want with this and uninstalled the softthinking I'd need to reinstall a different version. That was not the case.

Another workssession tonight. I'm reading that Medium article on point clouds for better understanding.

---

## [2021-05-28 09:03] xoholo

There's so much more to pointclouds than the visual appearance that drew me to them. Its a huge surprise to realize that they don't work the way I'd assumed was natural. I had supposed that these point entities were just sort of floating in space based on the scanned x,y,z coordinates. That much is true. That's exactly what they are. But like the holographic principle states - a volume of 3D space can be completely described by a 2D encoding on its boundary. 

In the case of point clouds, I've learned that the points are encoded as a texture where R,G,B contain normalized values of the X,Y,Z point data. Apparently this texture is used to set the worldspace offset of an emitted point. To see all the points, you sample the texture uniformly to get the R,G,B values at each sample and offset the emmited particles as mentioned.

To do the things I want to do with the cloud, I'm still not sure what happens next. There's not so much information about it online. The one example I came across is absolutely amazing.

Basically though, and this is a general pribnciple - The GPU recieves and processes data in the form of a texture. Any computation and so forth takes place at that level -in UE4 this means that the computation takes place in the material editor. My own lack of deeper understanding is gating me. I lack a parctical understandimg of:
- the Material Editor
- Materials, in general
- Material Functions
- the UE4 particle system
- Niagara

Obviously I've used all these systems before, but tbh I'm just a curiopus monkey and I'm still figuring out how to drive the starship.

Since this is becoming a "sprint review" here's my summary for the week

WHAT WORKED WELL
- The brief glimpse I had of Houdini convinced me that this is the only kind of 3D modeling I'm interested in. Its a completely different approach to 3D than I've encountered before. Procedural and rule based.
- Transferring the Arctic project to LOCUTUS
- Visual development for Arctic project
- collated visual ideas and art direction on a Mood board in Milanote
- visual research on Hello App (iOS) and Rez (PS4)

WHAT DIDN'T WORK WELL
- I have done more this week than I remembered, but I've kept it to myself.
- I am not engaging Yoann in the creative process I am enjoying
- have not been updating my design notes regularly
    + I want to use the material I'm capturing as source text for my case study about this project
- Treating each day as a "sprint" isn't helping with long term thinking. This isn't the only project I'm involved in.

HOW TO PROCEED
- Better collaboration starts by talking
    + discuss my weekly status
    - share Milanote board w Yoann
    - setup shared worksession for Saturday
- Planning & Strategy session needs to elaborate my ongoing projects and goals
- Return to using JIRA as a planning tool
    + add Futureworld as a project

---

## [2021-05-28 09:12] xoholo

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
x Writing up a summary of my deep dive into point clouds this week
x "sprint review"
x transferring some material from Hello LIDAR app on my phone to icloud

NEXT
collate transferred iOS material
add to Mood Board

---

## [2021-05-28 10:03] xoholo

What are todays goals
- 1 minute of panoramic output from Arctic project
- Transfer one of my point clouds to UE4 using Houdini/Niagra workflow
- study UE4 particle system
- study UE4 Niagara system
- Chat w Yoann

---

## [2021-05-28 10:15] xoholo

good reference for setting up a point cloud material at 3:38
This doesn't affect the RGB value of the point, only the primitive shape that gets drawn
https://youtu.be/VuQU9FiaVjY?t=218

---

## [2021-05-28 10:33] xoholo

incredible web demo here
https://pcsb.quentinlengele.com/

---

## [2021-05-28 11:23] xoholo

What are you doing right now?
I'm on LOCUTUS in the Artic project. I want to reorganize the material into levels so I can turn them on/off. I want to produce some animation from this project

Before getting into that, I'll do some study

NEXT
x study UE4 Niagara system
x study UE4 particle system

---

## [2021-05-28 16:26] xoholo

I've learned a bit more about both Niagara and Cascade

---

## [2021-05-28 17:03] xoholo

Houdini Niagara plugin UE4.26
https://github.com/sideeffects/HoudiniNiagara/releases

---

## [2021-05-28 17:19] xoholo

I've confirmed (re)installation of the HoudiniNiagara plugin. I've (re)downloaded the demo UE4 project. The sample files also includ eth Houdini projects used for exporting to UE4

---

## [2021-05-29 11:00] xoholo

Experimented with Niagara settings and UE4 display modes in the test project. Had some fun with it and added samples to mood board

Next
Continuing w Houdini Niagara tutorial

I’ll speak w Yoann at 1p. I want him to come by, take a look at the moodboard. take a look at Rez. 
Improvise, categorize, delegate.

I need him to take the lead on assembling the after effects template(s) we spoke about last week. I'm not as far along as I thought because I've invested time in point cloud animation and deep dive into the technology.

How soon is now? Next week I will add the project to Jira and establish a timeline

---

## [2021-05-29 20:21] xoholo

Big step forward today in my understanding of computer graphics in the 21st century. If not that, then at least I’m seeing an animated point cloud in UE4. Finally! 
The journey to this outcome is both unexpected and hard won. All the study and hackir mindset of the last week has paid off. I gotta admit that for a while I was afraid I was wasting my time. I felt that way strongly earlier in the day when it seemed like I just was unable to get the results I wanted, or any results at all really.

Summary
- I captured a point cloud of Yoann with the lidar on my iPhone
- I imported that data into houdini and processed it before outputting a JSON file for Niagara
    - The problem I was having before turned out to be simple. I had to add a “life” attribute to the data so that Niagara would know how long to make the emitters active
- In Niagara I added a vector field module to the system and I am using vector fields that come with UE4 to direct the movement of the spawned particles
Some of the animation possibilities are mundane. Some are incredible. There are a number of sources for free and paid vector field assets, and I think I'll be able to create them in Houdini as well.

---

## [2021-05-30 09:23] xoholo

I've started exploring another 3D scanning app on iOS. I forget the name at the moment, but it allows for many other kinds of exports, including textured geometry and has some built in editing features as well. 

I played with the parameters of the dynamic point cloud last night to stretch out the duration and so forth. I am seeing some glitching towards the end of the lifecycle that doesn't appear in the Niagara preview window. Maybe its a problem w particles hitting the bounding box? I'd seen something metioned about GPU collision settings as well?

---

## [2021-05-30 09:26] xoholo

I'm processing the yoann3 scan and bringing it into UE4

---

## [2021-05-30 10:27] xoholo

I think that scan may be pushing the limits. UE4 keeps crashing (out of video memory) when I try to use it. Rebooted to see if it persists. Either way though, the imported assets are going to need some simplified.

WHAT I WANT TO KNOW
- verify movie render queue to render video files
- verify panoramic output

---

## [2021-05-30 10:32] xoholo

yoann1.hbjson:                  8.56MB
yoann3.hbjson                   51.5MB
yoann3-clean.hbjson:            42.5MB
yoann3-clean2-sparse.hbjson     5MB

---

