# Raw Entries for October 2021

**Total Entries:** 49
**Projects:** His Portfolio, OPS, iveda, profile

---

## [2021-10-01 13:18] iveda

Let's timebox this. Setting up 2h work blocks 
What do I want to accomplish 

- application framework
    + sketch
        * device feed
        * where are notifications shown?
        * what would a pinned feed look like if it didnt need to be pinned to the list?
        * search - tags / sort / filters / text field
    + add application layer to XD from sketches
    + add sidebar layer to XD from sketch

---

## [2021-10-01 15:28] iveda

Haven't started the Sketching session yet. Greg contacted me and asked about where we were with the Phase 1 deliverable. I'll put together a list based on Jira. I'll tag the relevant items in Jira and see if I can organize in that manner as well

---

## [2021-10-01 15:56] iveda

I've collated the work issues in JIRA under an MVP tag as well as P1,P2,P3 tags for priority.

NEXT
- go through the identified tasks and revise any estimates
- add a new story

---

## [2021-10-03 15:22] iveda

How's the skethcing going? Are you done? No. 
Let's rock then. go!


- application framework
    + sketch
        x device feed group
        x  device feed list
        x device profile
        x where are notifications shown?
        x what would a pinned feed look like if it didnt need to be pinned to the list?
        x search - tags / sort / filters / text field

---

## [2021-10-03 20:27] iveda

I think I'm clear on how this layout looks and works. I need to get it setup in XD now

- draft
    + add application layer to XD from sketches
        * app menu
        * headr and stats (online count, offline count, last updates)
        x feed groups
        x feed list
        * device profile

---

## [2021-10-04 00:52] iveda

working on the feed listing. There's some additional framing to consider

---

## [2021-10-04 01:13] iveda

I worked out the framing metrics for the feed, and added the additional detail. Looks pretty good. Ev 6aerything is now in dark mode

NEXT
- feed groups

bed: 2p
wakeup: 6a

---

## [2021-10-04 10:25] iveda

as exopected, I spent time refining the Feed List. Same as Before. Its what I like best I guess. This is definitely the best visualization of it yet.

What do I want to present to Greg today?
How long will it take me to prepare. No new design. Continue clean-up from where I left off. Stand up as XD prototypes
3h?

that would meen starting on it at 11a, In 30m
I'll give it 2h and see where it goes
There's more to discuss than the design work
- state of the design
    - estimates
    - manage expectations
        + desktop layouts
        + functional spec
- MVP deliverable
    + frame this around an exec presentation

---

## [2021-10-04 14:03] iveda

Define the criteria for MVP
Take a look at JIRA estimates

Good meeting. I captured Greg's priorities in the Excel doc I used to summarizze Jira tasks.

Wasted an hour being "precious" about made-up funtionality for the left sidebar. because it didn't look "busy" enough isn't a great starting point. Thing is, I'm trying to uimply purpose here. But honestly, I', ideating instead of assembling. Do better. Get past this.

---

## [2021-10-05 15:29] iveda

Wrapped up device group panel. 
Starting on Device profile panel
Started blocking out vertical App menu

- draft
    + add application layer to XD from sketches
        * app menu
        * headr and stats (online count, offline count, last updates)
        x feed groups
        x feed list
        * device profile

---

## [2021-10-05 17:39] iveda

I'll pick up the device profile design in my next worksession
I created a couple of simple variations of the exiting layout
I cleaned up the dropdown menu in the "device iventory"

---

## [2021-10-06 00:56] iveda

continuing work on the device profile
added controls to expand/collapse a list of users assigned to this device
added controls to expand/collapse a list of users sharing this device, including their online/offline status.
Working on the device history
- I also want to show the devices age
- replace the user profile pics with the same 




[Device management
Add new devices
Camera device-type

Camera device profile
History reporting for cameras

Tag management
Add/Remove tag(s)!
Tag list

User management
On duty/off duty status
User Daily schedule
User History
User list
User profile

Group management
Join/Leave groups
Create/Remove groups
Add/Remove user(s) to group(s)
Group list
Group profile]()

---

## [2021-10-06 15:28] iveda

P1 Notifications
P1 H


Map
unnaxsignment states
unauthorized entry
Device

---

## [2021-10-07 15:56] iveda

I spent much longer today on project management than expected. Some of it from unfamiliarity w Jira. Some of t=it just thinking things through. I've moved everything under an MVP story and created my own Board which only shows tyhese issues. I need to think a bit further on how the workflow should look
I had assumed that items would move from
To Do to Handheld wireframe to Desktop wireframe to Documentation

Maybe that is actually
Handheld Wireframe (in-progress)
Desktop Wireframe (in-progress)
Documentation (in-progress)

But what about cases where multiple items are in progress or work isn't proceeding sequentialy?

Exactly.

---

## [2021-10-08 00:25] iveda

doing some XD project cleanup. XD is acting pretty flaky at the moment. Maybe due to Win11 update? Maybe due to too much stuff in the project.

---

## [2021-10-08 01:32] iveda

project seems ok now. I cleaned up the feed listing and then cleaned up the artboards in the Feed Posture flow. First thing tomorrow, I want to capture some appropriately sized assets from WRLD3D, similar to what I did previously then integrate them into these artboards

Before meeting w Greg, I want to do more work on the Desktop design
- collapsed Device Group
- add tracker history to Device Profile
- App Menu
    + what items need to be in this listing?
- Notifications
    + pull from mobile design and integrate

If its easy, I'd like to try showing a mobile layout and a desktop layout using a nice presentation template.

---

## [2021-10-08 01:38] OPS

purchased new monitor [[Dell U4021QW]]
Expected arrival is 10/18. Exciting news. Its been a long time coming. All things considered this isnt the optimal solution, but this seems to be where the market is at right now. Additional DisplayPort inputs, or HDMI 2.1 inputs would be great, as it runs at 30Hz over HDMI. Even so, I'm looking forward to its arrival

---

## [2021-10-08 12:57] iveda

I set up a meeting w Greg at 2p. Part of our more agile working process. I want to go over the Notification system with him again. I'm preparing that material in the handheld layout and want to see if I can getf it stubbed in to the desktop so he'll have a different context


        

Informational (something is about to)

Warning
Alert
System
Access-Control

Nobody on call? alert who?

Camera


Thermal
Motion Event

When creating user groups,,include a point of contact if nobody is on call
a point of contact. Groups can have nobody on call if asked
there can also be an alert frequence. An alert frequency can be set

Rooms can be set to occupied/unoccupied

A user group needs to be able to alert someone (designated person ) on call if there's nobody in it

If there's a room that is occupied but theres no one assigned to it (condition:something is wrong)


we discussed a new persistent state for rooms:
in use/not in use
this can be signified similarly to on-duty/off duty

ROOM PROFILES
think about how to profile a room or area  

the area is plotted on a cerebro map , which is part of a floor, which is part of a facility, which is part of a region

EastCoast.MayoClinic.Floor1.NurseStation

Inside this boundary there may be multiple devices. These devices are assigned to the location in the same way they can be assigned to a User/Usergroup

The room can have a schedule of availability. This is just the hours when the room is considered "on-duty"

The room may be flagged as occupied/unoccupied (based on camera input, based on tracker position)

When a room is off duty but occupied, it will broadcast an alert


ALERT-HANDLING
Notifications are setup in a relevant Asset Configuration screen

Alerts have a timer. When the timer runs out the alert is escalated and broadcast to the next person(s) of interest designated on the asset

Multiple persons of interest can be added to the escalation chain. Each rung of the chain has a timer that escalates to the next rung if it runs out

---

## [2021-10-10 23:12] His Portfolio

I spent time revising my employment metrics. Some of the rankings aren't as clear cut as I thought, and in at least in case, I realize the ranking was for how much regard I still had for the employer, whnich I'm not sure how to label, but am calling reliability

---

## [2021-10-10 23:12] profile

I spent time revising my employment metrics. Some of the rankings aren't as clear cut as I thought, and in at least in case, I realize the ranking was for how much regard I still had for the employer, whnich I'm not sure how to label, but am calling reliability

---

## [2021-10-11 15:46] iveda

Pushed back meeting w Greg so I could think through Notification types & states more thoroughly. I made some edits to the handheld menu bar so I could think about how to communicate the "on-Duty" state. In apps like Slack, Messenger, this is signified by a filled in or empty circle. next to the profile pic

---

## [2021-10-11 16:32] iveda

Finished reworking handheld menu. Better sizing. Defined the on-duty/off-duty state. Applied changes to existing layouts

---

## [2021-10-11 18:01] iveda

I'm working on the notification list. I'm not feeling 100% about it.

---

## [2021-10-12 00:21] iveda

I fixed up the notification page title, but it was more than that. I had my layout patterns for the flow a bit mixed up. This version is better, and I can use the same pattern for others screens.

---

## [2021-10-12 01:20] iveda

I penciled in a meeting w Greg at 11a. Let's see how notifications looks after an hour of work in the am

---

## [2021-10-12 16:16] iveda

Greg isnt available today or tomorrow so I'm going to post my work to Slack for visibility

---

## [2021-10-13 01:39] iveda

I've created a content matrix of notifications which calls out
Asset Type
Notification Type
Escalation
Resolution

Warning
Alert
System
Access-Control

When creating user groups,,include a point of contact if nobody is on call
a point of contact. Groups can have nobody on call if asked
there can also be an alert frequence. An alert frequency can be set

Rooms can be set to occupied/unoccupied



ROOM PROFILES
think about how to profile a room or area  
the area is plotted on a cerebro map , which is part of a floor, which is part of a facility, which is part of a region

EastCoast.MayoClinic.Floor1.NurseStation

Inside this boundary there may be multiple devices. These devices are assigned to the location in the same way they can be assigned to a User/Usergroup

The room has a schedule of availability. The schedule designates when the room is  "on-duty"

The room may be flagged as occupied/unoccupied
The room may be flagged as on-duty/off-duty
When a room is off-duty AND occupied, it will broadcast an alert

USERGROUPS
A user group will broadcast a system message when it is empty
A user group will broadcast an alert when there are no members on-duty


ALERT-HANDLING
Notifications are setup in a relevant Asset Configuration screen

Alerts have a timer. When the timer runs out the alert is escalated and broadcast to the next person(s) of interest designated on the asset

Multiple persons of interest can be added to the escalation chain. Each rung of the chain has a timer that escalates to the next rung if it runs out

---

## [2021-10-13 18:57] iveda

how long has there been a problem?
who else has been notified

---

## [2021-10-15 10:11] iveda

Greg is going to send over a PEO file for handoff to WRLD3D

wants me to take a look at it

someone clicks on a room
they can take action on it
can use Room Profile as control surface

What ae the actions you can take
Use the Device Profiles to show what an admin sees, what a user sees

is it possible to deliver different HTML in point of interest (profile)

On search we want to have voice queries

Localization support
for now we are using EN-US
want: ES
want: XX (the one for Mandarin)

Point of

our roadmap
PINPOINT -> IVEDAAI -> SENTIR

Robust Notification system
Robust user access system

our goal is to build this up in stages
SmartCiti



Dont forget about 
TEMPORAL ACCESS
HISTORY

If I click on a NOTIFICATION it goes bak in time and shows that you're looking at the PAST vs NOW (LIVE)

We're giving them an INTERIOR of the MESA office as Blueprints
I need to be able to discuss and describe how that map can be populated

DAVID and GREG want CYBERPUNK look and Feel

FUN!!!
do a cyberpunk 




Greg wants to have demo up nd running at office
By NEXT WEEK wants to send our roadmap out to WRLD3D
Want to build this up piece by piece

Need to setup my relationship w WRLD3D

Quickly be able to get to Facilities (based on my roles and permission)
from Facility 1


Each room is a geo-fence
get them started on the maps

This material isnt compete
but here;'s what we are trying to do
Notifications
Tagg'

How do you want the data for the trackers
Is it an API call?
Are they objects on a map.

Indoor map and an outdoor map
with 1 map per floor

We want each room or hallway to be seperate geofenced areas that align with each other

The zones shown here are for our usage and not relevant to the mapping. 



WATCH_DOGS 2 is a 2016 action-adventure game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It was released for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Microsoft Windows in November 2016, and Stadia in December 2020. Set within a fictionalized version of the San Francisco Bay Area

---

## [2021-10-20 09:54] iveda

I spent a lot of time - the whole day. A long day. reformatting the Powerpoint document I was asked to look at. I couldn't reasonably call it good corporate communication. I went with my gut. No regrets there, but I need to consider my unique contribution to the content, as well as use this document to lead the creative team. 

Think of what you need to communicate to the people making the map
what are they making?
what are they integrating>?
what is their time frame?

Who else is on the team?
Marko?

Assume then, that its just a high fidelity custom map
What is the bar for quality?
How do we determine quality?
What types of production design do we need?
    - the building exterior is fairly bland. Does it have to be?
    - what creative resources do they have there?
    
Lets say there is a creative lead there. This document is for them. Use what you can from the creative brief completed a while ago

Start from this point:
A detailed model styled to your requirements

Our requirements are:
- interior model of the mesa office, addressable by Zone and by

---

## [2021-10-20 14:47] iveda

Send over some desktop work and incorporate CLARO branding elements in that work. Tell her that you heard

---

## [2021-10-20 22:51] iveda

Building out newly title MVP deck based on the items Greg & I spoke about. I can correlate these to Jira tasks if necessary.

Tomorrow: confirm the physical address of the Mesa office
Finalize deck for draft v3

Luz would be thrilled to see some Claro branded desktop mockup work. 
How can you start incorporating that into the design by default?Send over some desktop work and incorporate CLARO branding elements in that work. Tell her that you heard

---

## [2021-10-22 07:59] iveda

I got a bit of an urgent message from Greg. He's needing reassurances that we've got this. I could help but feel a little anxious, but the truth is - we've got this. I've added slides for all the details we discussed on Wednesday and am filling out the line items for each

To be honest, I'm not exactly sure what kind of document this is. It mostly resembles a kind of onboarding packet or maybe a statement of intent. Before meeting w Greg at 10a I will:
- fill out all UX Feature slides
- replace station pins with a nicer, more visible asset

---

## [2021-10-22 10:45] iveda

Meeting with Greg went well. I verified some specifics with him. He was able to see some missing parts as well. We're on the same page. One thing in particular that needs to be mentioned prominently is the relation of PinPoint within the Iveda CEREBRO ecosystem. I captured my notes about that and shared w Greg while we spoke to confirm. That text needs a bit of massaging

---

## [2021-10-22 10:47] iveda

I suggested that I just post updates to Slack. This is in part to manage expectatins but also keep me on track and transparent. This deck is shaping up pretty well

- normalize all content formatting
- finish the requirement text on remaining slides
- curate and add illustration from my design files and reference in support of the requirement slides
    + the harder ones
        * show device movement history
        * show camera view history
        * show a room profile containing all objects in the room

- construct a diagram showing the relationship of Pinpoint to the Iveda Ecosyste (I did a very quick sketch of this live w Greg)
- add link to zeroheight design system

---

## [2021-10-22 15:37] iveda

CONSTRUCT INTERIOR AND EXTERIOR MAP OF THE IVEDA OFFICE IN MESA, AZ

---

## [2021-10-25 09:58] iveda

Whew.
Up all night finalizing this deck. Maybe I've left some stuff out.
I collated my work and labeled the missing parts so Greg can get an overview at a glance.

Sending that out to him now and sharing current pptx on Slack

---

## [2021-10-25 13:48] iveda

reworked the Cerebro Server diagram. Cleaner

---

## [2021-10-26 15:17] iveda

Meeting w Greg at 4p to discuss next steps after the MVP demo deck misadventure. What are some questions I can ask to prompt a valuable conversation?

---

## [2021-10-26 17:39] iveda

Greg rescheduled meeting for tomorrow. We're focused on what to handoff to WRLD3D right. I had made the statement yesterday that the Feed and Notifications were the most developed and I could document them as screen designs (after some cleanup and editorial). I actually think the more useful vertical slice is The Feed and The Resource Inspector.

The Feed is better considered as an inventory, so I'm renaming it to RESOURCE INVENTORY, or simply INVENTORY

---

## [2021-10-27 10:49] iveda

I've thought about the recent disconnect and how to use the lessons learned as a win, rather than a loss. Here's what I've come up with.

- Switch from XD to Figma
    + More shareable
    + More social
    + Multiple layers of detail are inspectable by devs
    + Stakeholder get an overview of the design process and can participate too
    
- Make a list of MVP design work that needs to be completed
    + organize it into a series of "releases"
    + be sure to mention that the design documentation will be accessible to everyone before I finalize it
        * In that sense, we release continually

---

## [2021-10-27 12:10] iveda

MAP
- data integration w Calvin
- construct map view in world

NOV 20 TARGET
connect w Ian (technical), Nigel (bizdev)

---

## [2021-10-27 12:30] iveda

Ugh, that call w Greg was a bit strained. He's clearly stressed, and I can certainly empathize w his position. After giving myself some space, I'm surprisingly able to disconnect emotionally, and I hope thats a good sign.

Here is the priority

Get Custom Map Working in-environment

CALVIN
- Speak to Calvin about data integration requirements / connect via email cc. Greg Omi / connect via Slack start shared conversation w Greg Omi + Calvin
    + Send him revised MVP Demo deck including Map Reference only
    + Share WRLD 3D developers link w him
    * The team at WRLD needs to know how to integrate their map objects with existing Iveda Pinpoint map internals
    + We want to think about maps as a hierarchy
        * Facility.Map.Room.Station
    + The team at WRLD is expected to provide import and export of static map features to a common format like CSV
    
GREG
- manage his stress and make him feel like a hero
- Send him revised MVP Demo deck including Map Reference only
- Send him a link to a Figma workspace with content stubs

WRLD
we want the exterior modeled
we want the interior modeled
We want you to integrate a custom WRLD map with relevant data from Iveda Pinpoint back end
We want to know who our day to day point of contact is?
We want to login to the World Builder tool under an Iveda account



Locations
Data model
ID
Name
Facility.Map.Room.Stations
Import/Export
Common file format
Working Example
Construct map view in world

---

## [2021-10-27 13:40] iveda

Finished editing the new WRLD BUILDING REFERENCE deck
sent out to Greg

NEXT
- draft email to Calvin
x draft email to WRLD (Greg)
- construct Figma project
- transfer XD to Figma
- create Project structure incorporating all UX details identified in the previos deck's index.
- cleanup Jira to reflect task/issue updates


We want to put together a demo of the technology to show to partners. I’m sending a map of our Mesa office where we will have a tech proof of concept which I would like your team to build. Initially, it is fine to have on your public servers as this is not a real client location.
We would like to have each room a separate geo fence/region and be able to do wayfinding to each room or tracker. The map shows the locations of the base stations which will have additional information (id, mac address, etc.) that needs to be sent to our backend for calibration reasons. The coordinates are 64-bit integers and I’ve arbitrarily set the scale to 1cm per unit (for future improvements of accuracy). I believe with 64 bits we should be able to easily cover the whole world using the same coordinates.
After we have the initial map in, we will have to coordinate with your team on how you want to send and receive data between your code and our backend. We’ll get you set up with access to our temporary git repo to check in any changes that would be specific to our code. We’re currently setting up something more permanent (VPN, private repo, DevOps, etc.), but for demo purposes, we will work a little agile and get something stood up quickly in our temporary environment.
I’m fine getting things running with what your current engine does and then gradually adding or customizations. I think it might be best to set it up on a project-by-project basis and get cost estimates per project, rather than try to give you everything at once, and have one huge project. I suspect you already have many of our features implemented and we may just need minor modifications to get our data into your engine.

---

## [2021-10-28 16:11] His Portfolio

I am building another dashboard to share with Dale Russel and Chris J at forte.io

To be honest, I don't truly understand what that companty is all about, onboarding the technology, the services, and CREATING users is a real mysterty

---

## [2021-10-28 16:11] profile

I am building another dashboard to share with Dale Russel and Chris J at forte.io

To be honest, I don't truly understand what that companty is all about, onboarding the technology, the services, and CREATING users is a real mysterty

---

## [2021-10-29 00:05] His Portfolio

I need to add material I'm posting to instagram for visibility. Use that as the guide. Get some material off my phone and into milanote tonight

---

## [2021-10-29 00:05] profile

I need to add material I'm posting to instagram for visibility. Use that as the guide. Get some material off my phone and into milanote tonight

---

## [2021-10-31 16:34] iveda

Prepared invoice for sending out in the am
I've transferred the XD project to Figma, and still finding my way around the interface. It looks awesom though. Wish I'd started using it sooner.

I'm building out a design guide in conjunction with the design files. Here's what I want to distribute in the am with a shared link:

x About Notifications
x   What are Notifications?
x   Notification stages
 
Resources
- About Resources
    + transfer from Powerpoint

- Representing Resources
    + include datamodel spreadsheet
        * use mindmap instead actually
    + include list of devices in an inventory stack
    + include list of devices in notification stack
    + include WIP device inspector
    + include WIP map pin
    
- Representing Users
    + include datamodel mindmap
    + include list of users in an inventory stack
    + include list of users in an notification stack
    + include WIP user inspector
    + include WIP map pin
    
- Representing Spaces
    + create datamodel mindmap
    + include datamodel mindmap
    + include list of spaces in an inventory stack
    * include list of spaces in an notification stack
    + include WIP space inspector
    + include WIP map pin
    + include WIP map label

    *** NOTE ***
    Place Icons
    Icons on Interior maps represent OBJECTS (devices) or PORTALS (map UI that gets you from one place to another, such as an entrance, exit, elevator, doorm, stairway)

    Place Labels
    Places are represented by (selectable) text labeling on the map.
    - Selecting a Place Label shows an INSPECTOR
    - Choosing a Place Label
        + shows an INSPECTOR
        + shows an INVENTORY (all Resources in the Space)
        + The INVENTORY listing offers PREV/NEXT views (so customers can return to the previous "page")

NOTE!
Rooms get a dedicated Inventory Slot now, which allows you to list all the geofenced boundaries on the map.

Escalation

If an issue is unresolved for long enough, a designated usergroup begins receiving notifications from this device

While the issue is unresolved, additionally designated usergroups begin receiving notifications from the device

Upon resolution the timer stops and any assigned or designated users will be notified. Designated users no longer receive notifications from this device

---

