# Raw Entries for September 2021

**Total Entries:** 43
**Projects:** His Portfolio, OPS, iveda, profile

---

## [2021-09-01 10:44] iveda

pushed back meeting w Greg to 4p in order to address an apparent IT problem with ONYX OPS
https://garyboodhooworld.atlassian.net/browse/OPS-68

---

## [2021-09-01 23:54] iveda

I've finessed the ordering of feed assets for a variety of use cases
I've built out the framing for the Item profile in drawer and fullscreen configuration

---

## [2021-09-02 03:50] iveda

NEXT

wakeup 7a
worksession: 3H 630-930

P1 Add a managed access block to asset profile. This shows the user who may own the asset and includes a share with… button
    - Which expands into a dialog allowing user selection from icon/label and also search field which can include an email address or username 

P2 Add a waypoint timeline similar to googles.
    - The number of nodes in the timeline are what get counted
    - Scale for this should be in days not hours
    - Show the last n-days and allow dragging or L/R nav w buttons
    - Legend beneath each histogram shows:
        - Day of the Week (Monday, Mon, M)
        - Month/day (JUN 8, 6/8)

P2 Update feed items by type. Right now everything is showing a temperature
    - What would a Tracker show? What would a base station show?
    - Use full address of location instead of City, State
    - When inside identify the facility by name and represent travel by proximity to rooms or floor “Upstairs", "2 floors up”, “Near the lobby”

P3 Add a path on the map showing any travel for that day

---

## [2021-09-02 11:31] iveda

meeting went well despite my not being able to show everything I want to. Greg and I are on the same page and he digs my ideas. He said "that was agreat meeting" which felt great. I want to make him look good, and it is imperative to be stand up this full design so that I can communicate with it to vendors and stakeholders.

---

## [2021-09-03 20:03] OPS

I've finally mounted a BRIO webcam on the railing behind my monitor. Its cool. I'd forgotten how good the image quality was! The little ball head I picked up mounts fine, but turns out I need something with a bit more length. The camera needs to be "floating" above and maybe even a little in front of the monitor. Some kind of tripod mount that allows for extension of the image plane. I have it plugged into the monitor with one of those weird LED cables, but I'm getting a complaint from the Logitech camera app when I try to switch between sources. There isn't enough USB bandwidth available to run both at the same time. Takes about 10 seconds to switch between them and they can't be viewed together.

---

## [2021-09-06 14:17] iveda

I'm rethinking how I plan and track my work in Calendar. Also want to start the workday here the same way every day. Like Scrum.

Y: OOO
T: Planning

IV-31 IV-31 Standards-compliant wireframe for Locator Pins
- screen captures of interior and exterior maps from WRLD3D
- replace default wireframe bkg with map component

IV-58 Standards-compliant wireframe for the Reports feature
- identify relevant assets in UI Kits (iOS and the Constructor UI Kit)
- create another page in the Excel data set to capture asset names and values
    + use the pinpoint app screens for reference
- layout iterations
    + need to communicate how these tables will behave in restricted widths
    + I'd like to use the same component for the desktop view
        + take a moment to understand how XD responsive layout feature works

IV-28 Standards-compliant wireframe for the Feed
- clean up the data for each instance so that it is relevant for the asset type

B: None

---

## [2021-09-06 16:50] iveda

IV-28 Standards-compliant wireframe for the Feed
- clean up the data for each instance so that it is relevant for the asset type

---

## [2021-09-07 03:01] iveda

I've completed IV-28 and optimized the list item and list components. I*'ve switched over to using the Apple fonts in the UI Kit as well. Performance in this document was pretty laggy when I started, the time spent optimizing should make moving forward a lot more fluid

---

## [2021-09-07 19:09] iveda

good discussion w Greg earlier that led to my spending much of the day thinking about and responding to the device data model. It took a few hours. I'll pick up the design later. Hey - remember. Start identifyuing what you're doing today in the am.

Y:  IV-28 Standards-compliant wireframe for the Feed
T:  data-modeling
        [need to create/repurpose a JIRA task to track this]
    IV-31 Standards-compliant wireframe for Locator Pins
    IV-58 Standards-compliant wireframe for the Reports feature
B:  Became overly focused on the data model (maybe). I felt like it was meaningful, but need to prioritize my time more effectively. Timebox better.

---

## [2021-09-09 00:48] iveda

Based on conversation w Greg about data types, I've updated the design of what was previously called the Subtitle Line in the feed item. Thats now a stacked group of tags. I've styled the tags to resemble those found all over the web, and to my eye, thats excactly what they read as. Entire system looks quite refined

---

## [2021-09-09 13:44] iveda

Y:  IV-28 Standards-compliant wireframe for the Feed
T:  IV-58 Standards-compliant wireframe for the Reports feature
    create JIRA task for Design chart template: Histogram (appears in Feed, Profile, and Reporting)
    create JIRA task for Design chart template: Location Timeline (appears in Tracker Reporting: Analytics)
B:

---

## [2021-09-09 14:49] iveda

created a new dropdown menu component. added filter icon to feed artboards. adding tag selection filter control

---

## [2021-09-09 15:13] iveda

could you send me the list of stuff we are going to have for employees? I'm going to make a super simple notifications. I'm guessing we need a pointer to their browser so we can send them notifications.

not sure what he's asking for:

---

## [2021-09-09 16:10] iveda

OK I worked out a model

---

## [2021-09-10 11:29] iveda

good meeting with Greg this morning. The User datatype definition definitekly required some thinking and mindmeld to simplify the matter. I'm pretty excited abnout how tags and usergroups have merged into a general UX pillar

---

## [2021-09-12 12:50] iveda

I've just finished building a spreadsheet of the Trackers in the pinpoint demo app. Interestingly, each of the trackers has a timestamped list of locations its been to. The duration between the first entry and the current day is the device's Age, although I'm calling it histoy. With that numbber though you get a picture of which devices came first, which devices joined the network together. Its cool

---

## [2021-09-12 18:57] iveda

I've created a min-width version of a table (not collpsed) Very precise amd controlled. The current layout resembles a compressed view. Probabbly overly-tight for real-world mobile presentation

NEXT
- Data Modeling
    x create Jira issues (Trackers, Users, Notifications, Tags)
    x update Tracker data modeling
    - update data modeling for User
    - create initial Data Model (mind map) for Notifications
    - create initial Data Model (mind map) for Tags
    - share w Greg on Slack
- duplicate and create another version where the profile pixs are shown at default size
- work out a single row accordion treatment with datalabels stacked vertically as in the responsive table demos I looked at today

---

## [2021-09-13 14:04] iveda

Slight shift of direction. My focus is moved to an investor demo which is intended to communicate the UX pillars and featyures of the design I've been conceiving.

NEXT
- get in contact w Luz and set up a meeting to ask what she'd like to see
- duplicate and create another version where the profile pixs are shown at default size
- work out a single row accordion treatment with datalabels stacked vertically as in the responsive table demos I looked at today

STANDBY
- Data Modeling
    x create Jira issues (Trackers, Users, Notifications, Tags)
    x update Tracker data modeling
    - update data modeling for User
    - create initial Data Model (mind map) for Notifications
    - create initial Data Model (mind map) for Tags
    - share w Greg on Slack

---

## [2021-09-13 16:49] OPS

These days, I'm logging into Windows using Windows Hello authentication on the BRIO

---

## [2021-09-13 19:00] iveda

continuing work on the report list
I've repurposed the Feed Tabs as a tab menu allowing for paging between Tracker, Temp Pad and Station Configuration. Is this really a valid approach though? The same space could be dedicated to list controls and so forth?
What can I do from The Configure Tracker Screen?
- refresh the list

For Each List Item
- rename Tracker
- change Tracker picture
- remove tracker
- share tracker

List Options
- Select Multiple items
    - remove tracker
    - share tracker
x refresh list
- export CSV

Sort By
- sort by:
    connection,
    name,
    location,
    MAC Address Firmware
    Last Seen
    Battery Level
    Age
- reverse sorting order (A-Z)

Filter By
- connected Devices
- disconnected Devices
- tagged Devices
    - shared with tag[usergroup]
    - assigned to tag[usergroup]
    - tags

---

## [2021-09-14 13:03] iveda

After sleeping on it and thinking on it further, the pattern of tabbed listings for any of the Reporting screens is wrong. Its seductive though. Visually, it appears to make sense, but holding the XD artboard in my hand on my phone, it feels off. I think its going to be more productive and efficient to consider each of the configuration screens as seperate destinations

If it feels necessary to combine them, then consider making a dropdown under the Screen Title.



NEXT
x follow up w contact at WRLD3D
x follow up w Greg: status report
- figure out where the controls in the header go
- build out the mobile list

---

## [2021-09-14 13:10] OPS

Finally playing around with the tripod accessories mounted to the back on my monitor. Definitely oddd looking, and maybe more appropriate for lighting than the camera? I think The Hue Play lights can be mounted using the same rig?

---

## [2021-09-14 16:39] iveda

critical stats mobile view
Name
Profile Pic
Connection Status
Battery

---

## [2021-09-15 22:15] iveda

purchase full iOS UI Kit that I've been using a subset of before. Mostly fro graphs and charts. I'm sure it will remain useful

---

## [2021-09-16 03:22] iveda

The UI Kit purchase was a good idea. Helped me think through some use cases with good examples. Great job today.

---

## [2021-09-16 10:07] iveda

I pushed back the sync w Greg so I can properly map out the interactions and data definitions we spoke about earlier. I still have a number of use cases I need to solve for in the COnfiguration Screen

FOR EACH LISTED ITEM, HOW DO YOU
Rename a Tracker?
Change a Tracker picture?
Remove the Tracker from the list
Share the Tracker with other users

FOR THE LIST, HOW DO YOU
Select Multiple Items?
- Select All?
- Select None?
Refresh the List?
Remove the Tracker from the list?
Share the Tracker with others?
Assign the Tracker to others?
Export the List as CSV?

HOW DO YOU SORT THE LIST
By Connected/Disconnected
By Name
By Location
By MAC Address
By Firmware Version
 By Last Seen
By Battery Level
By History Length (Age)
How do you reverse the sorting order?

HOW DO YOU FILTER THE LIST
Connected Devices
Disconnected Devices
Tagged Devices

HOW DO YOU INSPECT A DEVICE AND SEE IT ON THE MAP?
You will transition from the main (configuration) screen to a secondary screen. The secondary screen is a dedicated map view, similar in nature to the Primary Tracker Map, except modal. Exiting this mode returns to to Tracker Configuration

WHAT SPECIAL NEEDS DO THESE OTHER SYSTEMS HAVE?
- Base Station configuration
- TempPad configuration
- Administration: Signed In Devices
- Administration: Security Logs
- Administration: Access Links
- Administration: B2B accounts

WHAT ABOUT USER MANAGEMENT?
- I don't have a guide to go from here. Standby.

---

## [2021-09-17 17:21] iveda

Good meeting with Greg asked as many questions as it answers. Its cool to engage with him, and it seems like he's interested in the work we're doing.

I'm transiting the current XD doc into a new one for cleanup and refresh before going further. I've spent time working with the data modeling spreadhseets as well. in part during the meeting, and then afterwarrds for cleanup.

Greg asked me to do same for Notifications. I'd started down this path already, but I want to be very specific and limit the possibilities. When demoing this morning, I realized I could only call upon my own narratives to support the rich notifier I designed.

---

## [2021-09-17 17:51] iveda

<!-- Some Real Talk. Howdoes this technology work -->
Each tag transmits a unique identifier using Bluetooth. The nearest beacons receiving this signal transmit their location along with an estimated distance for the tag.

Geofencing is setting up a network of beacons to make determiniations about what is within a physical space, when it enters, when it leaves.


CONSIDER THESE 3 USE CASES:

Often, mobile medical devices are not where caregivers need them. Pinpoint can identify the exact location of every piece of equipment on a map with Bluetooth trackers. An alert can be sent to appropriate individuals when equipment is removed from an area or taken out of the building.

Iveda’s TempPad sensors can be used to monitor patients’ temperatures. This eliminates nurse’s visits to patients’ rooms for temperature monitoring at all hours of the day, reducing the number of times patients need to be disturbed.

The TempPad sensor can be employed in the private sector as part of a Covid-19 installation to thwart the spread of the virus. Workers at factories and employees at hotels can wear a small TempPad while they are on duty. An alert is sent to appropriate individuals at the organisation when a high temperature is detected. Pinpoint can show the exact location of the worker and where that worker has been, which helps in contact tracing.


WHAT IS A NOTIFICATION?

WHAT IS AN ALERT?
- a type of notification for when things go wrong.
- what can go critically wrong?
    + Device loses power
    + Device measurement (temperature) is out of $RANGE 
    + Device signal strength is less than $THRESHOLD
    + Device no longer registers on network
- mistakes
    + Device isnt powered on
    + Invalid measurement $RANGE

WHO SEES NOTIFICATIONS?





WHO SEES ALERTS?

WHO RESOLVES AN ALERT?

WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN *SHARE WITH* and *ASSIGN TO*

---

## [2021-09-20 18:05] iveda

Very interesting meeting with Iveda this morning. Its documented in my notes. Some greater insight into what they're calling a Cerebro UX trailer. I kind of understand what they are asking for, at it actually includes B-roll as well. I'm setting up the project after reviewing and thinking about my notes. I promised Luz I'd send out a summary today and am getting prepared to do so. I've created a new JIRA epic for this work. I've created a new Milanote board to collate a creative brief. Sounds like a story for Jira

---

## [2021-09-21 17:09] iveda

I've been working on a creative brief all day

---

## [2021-09-22 01:04] iveda

Start the day tomorrow in the XD project
Refactor the feed items
- replace accordion dropdown caret with a "next" ( > ) icon
- the line item will open like an accordion (more like an overlay actually) as currently designed but, triggered on long press
- replace all inline tags with current design

Refactor the tags
- the inline tags will reveal a "next" ( > ) icon on hover
- color code "assigned" usergroup tags
- color code "shared" usergroup tags

Work with the WRLD3D map layer
- this design can easily be brought to life with the map layer, but it will need color correction

---

## [2021-09-22 13:34] iveda

I've spent about 1.5h on the creative brief. I pinged Luz to let her know I'd be sending it her way for feedback and clarification. The board is ready to send out. Here's what I need to include in the email

- link to Creative Brief milanote board
- link to Google Drive filesharing
- link to Jira project epic
- am I able to invite her to Slack?

---

## [2021-09-27 12:48] iveda

checked in w Greg on my status
sent mail to Luz to check on availability

---

## [2021-09-28 11:49] iveda

I'm working on the UX survey. I'd like to wrap this up by 1p and move on
I did some project planning/management. Added additional JIRA stories for CEREBRO UX Trailer. Updated my time status on PINPOINT. The stuff I capture from WRLD3D today can serve both projects. I want to spend most of my time today w Pinpoint, so lets do that.

Set up a review with Greg on Thursday @2p and i want to deliver:
- Flows as shareable XD prototypes
    + I'll share the link with him so he has an opportunity to touch the design
- Reworked Feed
- Reworked Map View
- Device Profile
- Notifications
- Profile Menu
- App Menu
- Device Configuration
- Device Reporting

How realistic is this? I want to set some limits for myself and avoid going deep and avoid XD housekeeping as much as I can

In an XD worksession, how do I spend my time?
- stepping away from machine to think
- capturing reference
- studying the UI Kit
- Sketching
- Prototyping
- Explaining

---

## [2021-09-28 14:43] His Portfolio

created a standard IG post format which includes personal shout outs as well ass shout outs to the tools I used. I'm going to give this pattern a chance. Its a different approach than before where any text was always inwardly focused. I want people to care. I want attention. So I have to reach out for it.

---

## [2021-09-28 14:43] profile

created a standard IG post format which includes personal shout outs as well ass shout outs to the tools I used. I'm going to give this pattern a chance. Its a different approach than before where any text was always inwardly focused. I want people to care. I want attention. So I have to reach out for it.

---

## [2021-09-28 14:46] OPS

Not so happy with where the tripod for webcam is mounted. Its awkward. I haven't setup the Hue lights properly. I guess I'm expecting for there to be a new display there, and I don't want to make any commitments yet?

---

## [2021-09-28 23:32] iveda

Hello Iveda, I'm Gary Boodhoo. I’m a product designer working with you on  Pinpoint and Cerebro. This research will help me understand the company's core values. 

recognize similarities with video games I’ve worked on as well as various smart home apps my family relies upon. 

This survey helps me connect solutions with human motivations.
Your responses are anonymous. Completing the survey will take about 5 minutes


That’s a big ask but I believe together we can push the  can Cerebro be fun? How is Cerebro a part of your life
How does Cerebro benefit society
What role does CEREBRO play in my life. My investments. My security. My wealth. My security. My peace of mind. 

Freedom from choice
Inanimate world aligns with your responsibilities

 on UX related and have a few questions about your organization . This survey keeps me in touch with industry sentiment throughout my network and makes me a better creative partner—everyone wins! Your responses are anonymous. Completing the survey will take about 5 minutes

ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS
Name some characteristics you'd like investors to associate with Iveda

PURPOSE

PERCEPTION

IDENTITY
Who are your competitors?
Who are your customers?
Who are your partners?


VALUES

EXPERIENCE
What makes your customer experience better than your competitors?

---

## [2021-09-29 03:46] iveda

I completed editorial work on the survey. Its a lot simpler and shorter. I'll distribute in the am. Will need to edit the email introduction. Shorter. Just repeat the survey intro if that works

---

## [2021-09-29 12:26] iveda

Ugh. I went too far out in scoping the Cerebro UX trailer. I got an email from Luz and her tone was frustrated. But to be fair, I was blocked by not knowing  4pthe deliverables she was requesting, as I felt our earlier conversation was very high level. Our phone call was pleasant. Everything is fine. She needs fantasy UI for Cerebro screens. These are b-roll elements ultimately. They don’t need ti be hugely specific but they do need to look “interface-y” and shiny. This is straight up visual design, not UX or even the strategic storytelling I expected

I've updated the Jira story and created subtasks for the deliverables

---

## [2021-09-29 12:28] iveda

I'm preparing to send out the brand value survey

NEXT
- collate some intel for the What is Cerebro Board
- reschedule Thursday meeting w Greg. Monday afternoon will give me some space to work on the goals I want to meet for the review
- update Cerebro creative brief to include new facts. Same stuff I added to Jira

THEN
- capture imagery from WRLD3D
- visual design for the login screen
    + Take a look at the initial UI reference board and take cues from Tron.
        * Add surprise by presenting dark mode and light modes 
    + use the UI Kits and avoid thinking too much about where youre going with this
    + The goal is to provide assets to Luz for any course correction
- post work in progress to Luz at 4p

---

## [2021-09-30 12:48] iveda

Today's goal is to deliver a Cerebro desktop layout incorporating a WRLD3D MAP to Greg and Luz
---

NEXT
- capture imagery from WRLD3D

THEN
- layout a MAPVIEW screen
- integrate WRLD3D imagery

---

## [2021-09-30 16:24] iveda

I've captured a variety of WRLD3D screenshots at 3840x1600 21:9
I'm going to see if I can capture some video as well.

---

