# Raw Entries for November 2021

**Total Entries:** 18
**Projects:** His Portfolio, OPS, iveda, profile

---

## [2021-11-01 17:10] iveda

Good chat w Greg. He certainly seems more confident in the project again, so it good to have him back. I demoed Figma and showed him where I was at with the refactor and described the benefits for a distributed team. He asked me to:

Introduce myself to the WRLD team
    - general email to Ian & Nigel
Invite the WRLD team to our Slack
    - Ian
    - Nigel
    - https://join.slack.com/t/ivedadesignteam/shared_invite/zt-yffcgfvk-XQWZmI2rsdeTtxbHHArarA

I can do this without sharing the Figma workspace.

---

## [2021-11-02 09:54] iveda

drafting message to invite the team at WRLD to join IVEDA Slack

Dr Iain Bethune
iain.bethune@wrld3d.com

Head of Software Development

Nigel Fox
nigel.fox@wrld3d.com
Business Development Director



Hello Iain and Nigel,

[Gary Boodhoo] here. I'm working on product design for the Iveda Pinpoint application and wanted to introduce myself.
https://www.garyboodhoo.world/

Here's a invitation to our Slack workspace. Please share it with the relevant members of your team
https://join.slack.com/t/ivedadesignteam/shared_invite/zt-yffcgfvk-XQWZmI2rsdeTtxbHHArarA


Some of my concepts for Pinpoint were inspired by features observed in the Map & Place Designers. I want to get a creative dialog started in two areas: reactive behaviors on the map, and visual formatting of some front end bits. Who can I connect with?

---

## [2021-11-03 10:12] iveda

Iain joined our Slack and suggests we join Slack Connect which offers more flexibility. He said he's send an email invite bit not seeing it. He & Greg mentioned a meeting on Friday. I've not seen the invite, but going thru an email chain is the worst. Feel like I'm missing something there.

In any case - that's my target. Whatever I'm doing w Figma needs to be done today.

- I want to read the documentation for the Untitled UI Kit
- I want to setup the project like the ones I'm seeing with a preview image, etc...
- I need to block out artboards (frames) for all screen designs - call this a sitemap
- I need to post the URL to the team

---

## [2021-11-03 14:58] iveda

Team Libraries for sharing components across projects.
build on the foundation we established with Components to make design systems easier to create, maintain and use across an entire team

---

## [2021-11-04 12:06] iveda

Topics for discussion at Friday 9a meeting with WRLD

How are trackers (dynamic resources) represented on the map?

How would dynamic heatmaps be implemented in the WRLD framework?
Is this a vertex shader? Could it be?
For example, if I wanted to see how a resource moved around over the last 30 days, I also want to see when it was stationary. Presumably many objects do the same things, or don't move, and I'd like to communicate that in the environment as well as using a map pin.

How can I inspect map resource objects and view the datastructure already implemented? Is this covered in the documentation? 

Where does our map demo live - on a private server? Is that our server or WRLD's? Can anyone run a WRLD server?

When a resource is focused:
Boundaries, such as rooms, will be color coded. When hovering over a room, I want that room to appear brighter, by drawing everything outside the room a bit dimmer

Whenever a resource is selected:
Everything outside the region(s) containing the resource is defocused

Whenever a collection is selected (from search result, from inventory slot)
Everything outside the region(s) containing the collection is defocused

---

## [2021-11-05 09:04] iveda

meeting with WRLD

---

## [2021-11-05 09:06] iveda

Where do the maps live?
How can we restrict or control access to maps?

If I wanted to restyle the front-end gfx, where would I push those changes?

Its possible to restrict clients to an indoor map (they can't go outside)

Points of Interest (POI)
Was Ian saying that these are sperately handled for realtime?
Dynamic data doesn't go through WRLD, we handle that on the client side

---

## [2021-11-05 09:55] iveda

After asking about it, we decided that WRLD will share their working project with us. Sort a test harness before we arfe abe tostand up our own application

---

## [2021-11-05 10:09] iveda

You (and Calvin) should take a look through the WRLD API reference for a sense of what the system is capable of.

---

## [2021-11-05 10:21] iveda

Takeaways:
friendly knowledgeable team
gating factors: access to common repositories
for reviewing WRLD work - we can use a shared project
for front end work - not sure, I don't think we'll have a repository available, but surely we can get something ad hoc as needed. This would bve for a use case in which we were restyling th UI widgets using CSS

---

## [2021-11-15 15:04] iveda

Meeting w Greg
First look at Figma project

He really liked what he saw
Seemed super intrigued by the object-oriented natyre of it. I provided good use cases for theming and icon management

---

## [2021-11-17 11:50] iveda

I've sent a meeting request for Friday 11/19 9a PST to Ian & Greg
This will be the public debut of the design
Its important to look complete, even if unfinished

PRIORITIES
- continue cleaning up handheld sitemap
- construct desktop sitemap
- remove chaff assets
- verify URL and viewing in browser

---

## [2021-11-21 11:26] OPS

Several new Hue lights have arrived
2x Hue Play with white casing replace the ones on the back of my monitor
1x Hue Gradient Light Strip. Its beautiful. I intend to purchase more
4x A19 1100 Lumen bulbs. Replaces the 2 in Floor Lamp and the 2 in Utility Room

---

## [2021-11-21 11:30] His Portfolio

Organizing presentgational matfgerial for Milanote has been a bit useful to better understand what I have to present, and an object lesson in trying to present too much at once. I've started taking another look at Semplice - that portfolio-centric wordpress theme. Squarespace is definitely cool, and there's probably a lot more in the new version woreth looking at. My main problem with it is the inability to include or move layouts around. The lack of version control is also a problem. On the plus side its still quite easy to jump into a project and make changes. 

Truth is thokugh that the delivery platform is the least of it without proper content. Confluence would be a better baseline to  work from

---

## [2021-11-21 11:30] profile

Organizing presentgational matfgerial for Milanote has been a bit useful to better understand what I have to present, and an object lesson in trying to present too much at once. I've started taking another look at Semplice - that portfolio-centric wordpress theme. Squarespace is definitely cool, and there's probably a lot more in the new version woreth looking at. My main problem with it is the inability to include or move layouts around. The lack of version control is also a problem. On the plus side its still quite easy to jump into a project and make changes. 

Truth is thokugh that the delivery platform is the least of it without proper content. Confluence would be a better baseline to  work from

---

## [2021-11-21 11:35] OPS

I've lived w this new monitor a few weeks now and it still surprises me how beautiful it is. I love how much picture there is. I'm dragging my feet on the desk replacement though. For one thing, after flipping it over and tightening the screws in the l;egs, I'm no longer havingb the same stability problems with it. What's the holdup otherwise though?

---

## [2021-11-22 08:57] iveda

Meeting w Ian & Greg about the design, reviewing the design.
He's needing more scope - who is doing what - on the dev side. What process is running wwhen an event happens - there are results taking place on the map

---

## [2021-11-22 09:23] iveda

I think the meeting went well, and is actionable. With the holidays coming up I don't know how much will get done, which places me at the inflection point of this project. RIght now, my truth is the only truth. lol. I'm sure that will change, but I want to be aable to capture this for reference and because I think its a human factor that this design improves with.

My audience is:
Calvin: back-end
Ian: CTO/WRLD
Greg: CTO/IVEDA
UnknowDev: front-end dev

My role is:
facilitator
liasion
glue
product designer
visualdesigner
coolhunter

---

