# Raw Entries for January 2022

**Total Entries:** 8
**Projects:** iveda

---

## [2022-01-23 16:06] iveda

I'm working on a presentation tomorrow to GREG and SID
The intention of this is to show progress since the last time.
What does that include?

---

## [2022-01-23 17:36] iveda

FIGMA
- desktop sitemaps correspond 1:1 w current handheld sitemaps
- Rule Construction in the Resource Inspection Panel
- Device Configuration
    + enables bulk Rule Construction
- Rewind Time
    + show UI for time display/state (live vs. historical) on HUD
    + show ranged selection for days/months/years

CONFLUENCE
- add simplified Rules Chart to Alert Policies Page

---

## [2022-01-24 03:00] iveda

I spent this worksession in Confluence and made some good progress there. There are still a number of holes in the documentation that I've identified in the documentation.

Tomorrow's work session will focus on
- creating desktop sitemaps from existing handheld work
- show UI for time display/state (live vs. historical) on HUD

---

## [2022-01-24 12:36] iveda

having trouble with restoring the project file from version history due to dumb mistake earlier

---

## [2022-01-24 16:37] iveda

review cancelled due to scheduling conflict. focusing my efforts on announcing my status, etc. on Slack.

---

## [2022-01-26 10:32] iveda

I've added proper metrics and som emockup device frames for presentational purposes. I've added browser chrome layer to the desktop templates

Desktop Sitemap build
- application themes
- browser viewport
- application views (relevant?)
- Inventory
- Search
- Device Inspectors
    + Tracker Inspector
- Notifications

Temporal Navigation 1
- design a component with a time counter which can show:
    + current time (live)
    + yesterday
    + last week
    + range
        * week
        * month
        * year


Finalize Device Inspectors
- Tracker [in-progress]
- Base Station Inspector
- Temp Pad Inspector
- Sensor (what kind? include?)
- GPS Inspector
  There are some UX matters around this, for example what happens when a person goes inside? Let's just assume that the map updates itself appropriately. Don't worry about he details now. What's needed is simply the panel layout
- Camera
- Usergroup
- User
- Room
- Floorplan
- Facility

---

## [2022-01-27 03:13] iveda

Jesus, I can't believe this has taken so long to truly understand the grid system in the UI Kit, and for dekstop layout in general. Finally there.

---

## [2022-01-31 12:50] iveda

I'm working on building Inventiory Slot and list components for desktop sitemap
I'm continuing to audit my design work and capture that status so I can see how much more is ahead of me and be tactical about this.

---

