# Raw Entries for February 2022

**Total Entries:** 8
**Projects:** iveda

---

## [2022-02-04 14:58] iveda

finished itemizng working list of content for the sitemapping work ahead. I've reduced it initially, and feel its likely to be further condensed. The challenge is now to translate work over to a form that works for a desktop design

I'd suggest not frettng too much about responsiveness at this time. Just design for a single fullscreen profile. Youve got this.

---

## [2022-02-23 16:03] iveda

project has wrapped
I'd like to do a post mortem of my work on this. There were some wins. Great ones. And also some losses.

David Moon reached out to me with some confusion about the Figma project I'd shared w Iveda. I said I'd make sure he got that. So I then spent tome adding detail and doing cleanup of the material. Before reaching back out to him I want to:
- ensure that the desktop sitemap frames match the ones in the handheld use case
- build out a skeleton UI which should include
    + Placement for global nav & search
    + Inventory List
    + Inventory Slots
    + Device Inspector
    + Notification list
    
ETA 3h

WHAT ARE YOU DOING RIGHT NOW?
cleanup & simplification of handheld sitemap

THEN?
build frames for desktop sitemap (empty frames are fine)

---

## [2022-02-24 01:21] iveda

I've built out the handheld Login section entirely from Untitled UI. To go further would require some minor editorial and logo gfx replacement

---

## [2022-02-24 17:26] iveda

I sent email to David Moon at Iveda pointing him to the archive project I'm cleaning up and finalizing better. Have not yet received payment for my last invoice. I will bring this up in an email tomorrow am. Still - I want to feel like I'm covered in terems of my deliverable, so I'm continuing to iterate on this work

---

## [2022-02-24 18:25] iveda

Added Sorting use case to Inventory block.

---

## [2022-02-25 14:25] iveda

rebuilding card component to generalize some cases encountered w Sorting
I'm still waiting for payment on the invoice I sent out a week ago.

NEXT
Contact Luz,Greg

---

## [2022-02-25 16:39] iveda

replied to Greg & Luz from the invoice approval mail sent to me on 2/16

---

## [2022-02-25 18:09] iveda

Greg replied back to me will look into it on Monday

---

