# Raw Entries for January 2023

**Total Entries:** 1
**Projects:** OPS

---

## [2023-01-03 11:01] OPS

[[Project Ansible]]

- Hardwire [[ONYX]] USB-C/USB-C to [[iConnectivity AUDIO4C]] input 1
- Hardwire [[WORKSTATION2]] USB Hub USB-B/USB-A to [[iConnectivity AUDIO4C]] Host input
- Hardwire DIN MIDI-In from [[iConnectivity AUDIO4C]] DIN MIDI-IN to [[Casio MG510]] MIDI-OUT. When not in use this will be a loose cable that can be coiled on the side of the rack
- Move USB-C keystones to the far right of the patchbay so there's less cable travel from [[WORKSTATION2]] to [[WORKSTATION1]]

I'll take delivery of a [[DI Box]] and a [[MIDI Interface]] later this week. The [[KORG Minilogue XD]] will run MIDI to the USB Hub. The [[Casio MG510]] will run analog signal to the [[DI Box]] which will then plugged directly to the patch bay. 


18:05

Experimenting with MIDI routing. Not always sure why the signal comes from where it does. I feel there are more outputs than inputs. Still looking for a great MIDI utility. Does [[Ableton Live]] have this capability. It looked to me that the DIN to USB MIDI Adapter is working. 

###### ⏱️2023-04-25 10:02

New gear arriving this week: [[MOTU Monitor 8]], [[Behringer UMC1820]], [[Headrush FRFR108]]

I'm relocating the equipment rack to zone2 where the i/o can be consolidated. Lots of questions about making it work as a system, or systems. Not sure how MIDI i/o is to be accomplished. 

###### ⏱️2023-04-25 01:06

Possibilities for integrating MIDI into the system

- Bluetooth MIDI
- rtpMIDI
- MIDI interface
	- Process/Filter/Route MIDI data 
	- connect my USB/Power hub to the host port. This routes USB MIDI (from up to 8 devices attached to the hub) to the interface 
	- My [[Casio MG510]] can be connected by existing DIN cable to MIDI in
	- An iPad connected to the [[iConnectivity AUDIO4C]] interface is integrated with the MIDI network
		- use AUM as front end
			- Send MIDI (hardwired) 
			- Receive MIDI
			- Process/Filter/Route data
		- iPad could broadcast Bluetooth MIDI for wireless I/O to other devices - another iPad, for example 
		- iPad could broadcast network MIDI


###### ⏱️2023-04-25 01:26

Im seeing that the [[Behringer UMC1820]] has MIDI in/out so the connected iPad will be available over its USB connection. To integrate, I can use a DIN to USB cable  connected to the USB/Power Hub

MIDI from [[ONYX]] can be integrated by a USB connection to the Audio4C, or possibly even by connection to the USB/power hub. Treat it as another MIDI device. 

If so, that would free up the 2nd device port on the 4C and i could connect another usb audio device. 

###### ⏱️2023-04-28 11:18

new gear has arrived

inventory list for studio reconfig

1/4 TRS cables from [[Line 6 Pod Go]] main outputs to [[Headrush FRFR108]]  w 90 degree angled connectors  (2)

1/4 TRS to XLR male from [[MOTU Monitor 8]] to patchbay (2)

###### ⏱️2023-05-03 12:37

After some consideration I've purchased the [[MioXM MIDI interface]] MIDI interface, specificallly for the [[What is RTP-MIDI|RTP-MIDI]] features

###### ⏱️2023-05-03 07:06

I've purchased an 8U rack on wheels for Zone2 along with a 7in 1U shelf and cable routing for the back. Do I still have those PDU's? Or will i need another?

###### ⏱️2023-05-17 11:45

I've more or less finished moving stuff around during studio upgrade, but I haven't verified everything working yet. I'm wondering how to normalize/standardize the external inputs to the back of the cabinet. I just want all the cables entering the cabinet in the same place. I keep wondering about repurposing the 2nd patchbacy to the back for this purpose actually, where it could function as an input matrix and route signal to the front patch bay.

###### ⏱️2023-05-18 03:46

setting up [[MioXM MIDI interface]] RTP-MIDI connectivity

KorgXD

⏱️ | 2023-08-30 12:20

The end of a MacBook

This has been a great machine. I purchased it in 2016 upon returning to San Francisco from Baltimore, figuring I'd need it for traveling, interviewing, public speaking. All of that happened. The keyboard stopped wsorking and I don't feel like I can justify the investigation into the problem. A diagnostic says there's something wrong with the power supply.

- trade this machine in for gift card
	- directly at apple store?
	- online?
	- when would gift card be available for usage?

- find a new machine


2020 Apple MacBook Air M1 13-inch 8GB RAM 512GB SSD Space Gray 
$999 | $83.25/mo (12mo)
$884 | $73.66/mo (12mo) after trade-in received


⏱️ | 2023-08-30 05:01

I purchased a new MacBook


	
MacBook Air M1 13" (Space Gray)

**Apple Card Monthly Installments**
12 monthly payments, 0% APR, $73.66/mo.

**With the following configuration:**
Apple M1 chip with 8‑core CPU, 7‑core GPU, 16‑core Neural Engine
8GB unified memory
256GB SSD storage
13-inch Retina display with True Tone
Two Thunderbolt / USB 4 ports
30W USB-C Power Adapter
Backlit Magic Keyboard with Touch ID - US English
Force Touch trackpad
Accessory Kit

**Apple Trade In**
Trade-in value: $115.00
Your trade-in device:
MacBook Pro i5 2.7GHz 13" (Early 2015) 256GB SSD

Wouldn't you know it, the keyboard on my macbook started working again, as soon as I'd placed the order. But sporadically.

✎ 2024-01-13 01:46

After a storage limit "scare" I realized that my storage needs have changed. There are two areas for further growth:

- [x] #todo #ops Reintegrate NAS drive 🛫 2024-01-13 ✅ 2024-02-09
- [x] #todo #ops upgrade [[ONYX]] system drive 🛫 2024-01-13 ✅ 2024-02-09

$149 / Samsung 970 EVO Plus SSD 2TB NVMe M.2
This is the same drive in use as D:

$209 / Crucial P3 4TB PCIe Gen3 3D NAND NVMe M.2 SSD,

✎ 2024-02-08 07:43

I've finished setup of [[MULE]] as a video workstation. It's using the [[LG C7 OLED Display]] as a primary monitor, w wireless keyboard and mouse. It's running Remote Desktop which I've also setup on my [[MacBook]] and Thea's

✎ 2024-02-08 07:46

I've finished bringing the [[Synology DS220j|NAS]] back online. I verified that it's running daily backup to my Backblaze account. I updated all the required packages and so forth. 

Still need to re-establish backup routine w sync back on both [[MULE]] and [[ONYX]]

---

